2015-12-25 Minor changes for bwBASIC by Howard Wulf, AF5NE.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

CPMUG ABSTRACT:

CPMUG volumes 86-90 contain "BusinessMaster II", a comprehensive small
business software package for CBASIC-II.  There were seven single
density disks originally contributed:  five program disks, one
documentation disk, and one sample file disk.  I combined these seven
disks to produce five CPMUG volumes.  Thus not all references in the
various documentation will directly apply disk by disk, but all the
files submitted are included.

Only the files "CRJOSORT.BAS", "VPJOSORT.BAS", and the submit files for
copying, XREFing, pipping, and compiling with printing which are in the
documentation, were not included.  The contributor felt the two missing
".BAS" programs to be unnecessary.  Also a minor bit of REM
documentation seems to be missing off of the front of GLJOSORT.BAS.

I generated a compile submit file for each disk.  The submit files have
the form:

	$1 $2filename.typ $3 $4

Thus to compile them from the A: disk to the B: disk, type:

	submit compile CBASIC2 A: B: $B

There are six .BAS files which are on every disk: ALL, FORMAT, CONTROL,
CHECK, READFILE, AND BIZMII.

The reminder of this abstract is the press release officially releasing
BusinessMaster II into the public domain.

09/21/82 Ward Christensen


			-------------

			PRESS RELEASE


	BusinessMaster II Released into Public Domain

For the protection of those who have purchased a package of General
Business Software known as BusinessMaster II or Visaccount (which was,
as of March 1982, at least 95% derivative of Business-Master II) from
either OEM software (a Star Computer Systems company), Computer Services
Corporation of America, 800-Software or other dealers OEM Software has
established we are hereby declaring this old version of BusinessMaster
II in Public Domain.  The Copyright notices were removed by OEM Software
and the package was then sold to over 400 dealers for $375.

One of many dealers purchasing the package was Computer Services
Corporation of America.  Buck Lindsey CEO of Computer Services
Corporation of America advised me last year that he felt the package was
in the public domain and whether it was then or not, it is now.

Computer Services Corporation of America made some minor changes to the
package and renamed it VisAccount.  Additionally they made 800-Software
a discount dealer.

We are placing this package in [the] Public Domain to clear up a problem
that has been generated for literally thousands of people who purchased
this package from one source or another and currently do not know where
they stand.

For those End-Users who are not satisfied with their Version of
BusinessMaster II or Visaccount we will exchange your package for the
new and much improved BusinessMaster II+ for $100.  Simply mail your
original diskettes (OEM or Visaccount) and license to us.  We will put
the new package on your diskettes with new labels, a new licensing
agreement and a new manual and return it to you.

For dealers who purchased BusinessMaster II from OEM software, you may
continue to do as you wish with the package but we cannot upgrade your
package to BusinessMaster II+.  However we do offer dealer discounts on
our newer packages.

We have offered the package to the CP/M Users Group for inclusion in
their library on the understanding that it may be used in any way,
either commercial or non-commercial by anyone who chooses to use it
provided credit is given for such use.

We will continue to supply BusinessMaster II+ to end-users for $159 and
Businessmaster Plus with fully-formatted fill in the blanks screen and B
Tree Indexing for $289.  These packages are compileable with minor
changes under CB-80.

    (signed)

    Bud Aaron

    BusinessMaster
    4317 Sea Bright Dr.
    Carlsbad, CA 92008
