.pl 66
                           APPENDIX C

     Data File Diskette Set-up

          The next step involves setting up data disks.  Normally 
data  disk  run in drive B:.  The exceptions will be  where  some 
posting  and  printing  require data disks in drives  A:  and  B: 
simultaneously.  When this is required, an appropriate message is 
built  into the system to advise you when to  change  disks.  The 
basic Data diskette requirements are as follows:

          All Data diskettes should be preformatted.

1.   General Ledger File Diskette

     Transfer  the  following files from the sample data disk  as 
supplied. These can be modified later as required.

     a.   NM        Company Name File
     b.   DATE      File Containing 8 System Dates.
     c.   GL        Sample General Ledger File.
     d.   GLF       Numeric Formats File.
     e.   GLT       General Ledger Tabs File.
     f.   GLREF     General Ledger Account # Reference File.
     g.   GLH       General Ledger Headings File.
     h.   GLS       General Ledger Subheadings File.

2.   Journal Files Diskette

     This  must  be a separate diskette from the  General  Ledger 
Diskette  above.  These  files  will be created by  the  user  as 
required.

     a.   GLJO      General Journal File.
     b.   GLCD      Check DIsbursements File.
     c.   GLCS      Cash Disbursment File.
     d.   GLCK      Check Receipts File.
     e.   GLCR      Cash Receipts File.
.pa
	Data File Diskette Set-up

3.   Payroll File Diskette

     Transfer the following files from the sample files diskette. 
These can be modified later as required.

     a.   NM        
     b.   DATE
     c.   GLF
     d.   GLT
     e.   EF        Federal Withholding Tables.
     f.   ES        California Withholding Tables.
     g.   EPC       Payroll Cutoffs and Percentages.
     h.   EPT       Payroll Check Printing Tabs.

     The following files will be created when appropriate
     programs are run.

     i.   EP        Employee Master Information File.

     j.   TM        Time Card File.
     k.   EDEP      Federal 501 Deposit File.

4.   Customer Receivables Files Diskette

     Transfer  the following files from the sample data diskette. 
     These can be modified later as required.

     a.   NM
     b.   DATE
     c.   GLF
     d.   GLT

     The  following  files  will  be  created  when   appropriate 
programs are run.

     e.   Customer Master Information File.

5.   Invoice Register (Order Entry) File Diskette

     Place the AR/AP runtime disk in drive A:.  Place the invoice 
register disk in drive B:.
     Type  ctrl.  "C"  (hold  the control key down and  type  the 
letter C).
     Type "CRUN2 INVENT". Creates INV (Invoice # File).
     The system will prompt you to allow Invoice # set-up.
     If you enter a "0", Invoices can be radomly numbered.
     If you desire "Forced Sequintial" Invoice numbers,  type  in 
the number of your first invoice.
     
     The  system will take care of the rest.  Other files will be 
created when appropriate programs are run.

     a.   IR        Invoice Register (Order) File.
	Data File Diskette Set-up

6.   Vendor Payables File Diskette

     This is as #4 a through d

     e.   VP        Vendor Master Information File.

7.   Purchase Order Register Diskette

     This  is the same as #5 but do CRUN2 POENT to  set  Purchase 
order numbers. Creates POE.
     
     a.   PR        Purchase Order Register File.

8.   Inventory / Finished Goods File Diskette

     This  file,  if  under  50 records,  can be  placed  on  the 
customer information diskette to speed order entry processing. If 
more items are required, make a seperate diskette and include NM, 
DATE, GLF, and GLT.

9.   All Other Diskettes

     All  other  diskettes  except the mailing  list  files  will 
require at least NM, DATE, GLF, and GLT.

