NOTICE  : This document was OCR'd for convenience.  The original document is the authoritative version.
Original: http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST-WITHDRAWN/ECMA-116,%201st%20edition,%20June%201986.pdf
OCR used: http://www.onlineocr.net/

        ECMA
EUROPEAN COMPUTER MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION







    STANDARD ECMA-116 


        BASIC


      ECMA BASIC-1 
      ECMA BASIC-2 
   ECMA GRAPHICS MODULE











        June 1986

Free copies of this document are available from ECMA, 
 European Computer Manufacturers Association 
 114 Rue du Rhone - 1204 Geneva (Switzerland)

           ECMA
    EUROPEAN COMPUTER MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION






       STANDARD ECMA-116 


           BASIC


          ECMA BASIC-1 
          ECMA BASIC-2 
       ECMA GRAPHICS MODULE










            June 1986

[blank page]

              BRIEF HISTORY


The first version of the language BASIC, acronym for Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic 
Instruction Code, was produced in June 1965 at the Dartmouth College in the USA.
In January 1978, ECMA published a Standard for Minimal BASIC, ECMA-55, prepared in coopera- 
tion with ANSI X3J2 and fully compatible with the corresponding ANSI standard. This Stan- 
dard ECMA-55 served as a basis for the ISO Standard on Minimal BASIC.
With the continuation of the work, a draft Standard for full BASIC was agreed by ANSI X3J2, 
EWICS TC2 and ECMA/TC21 in January 1985. This draft is composed of a mandatory Core module  
and five optional modules.
Starting from this draft, ECMA/TC21 prepared a Standard for fully defined subsets of the 
language. These subsets, called ECMA BASIC-1 and ECMA BASIC-2, are designed for business 
applications, requiring extended file facilities. ECMA BASIC-1 has no exception handling 
facilities and a reduced set of file operations. In addition, all the keywords in 
ECMA BASIC-1 are reserved words, reducing the complexity of the interpreter or compiler 
needed. ECMA BASIC-2 provides full exception handling capabilities, full file operations 
and fixed decimal capabilities. The set of reserved words is minimal. Both subsets provide  
the full flow control capabilities provided in the ANSI standard. An additional module 
(ECMA GRAPHICS) provides a minimum of graphic capabilities and can be used with either 
subset.
Compatibility with the ANSI standard has been a primary design objective, and the ECMA 
Standard is fully upward compatible with corresponding implementations of the ANSI 
Standard.






















Approved as an ECMA Standard by the General Assembly of June 26, 1986.

[blank page]

                              - i -




                            TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                                                             Page
1. INTRODUCTION                                                 2
   1.1 Scope                                                    2
   1.2 Related Standards                                        2
2. CONFORMANCE                                                  4
   2.1 Program Conformance                                      4
   2.2 Implementation Conformance                               4
   2.3 Errors                                                   5
   2.4 Exceptions                                               5
   2.5 Relationship to the ANSI Standard                        5
3. SYNTAX SPECIFICATION AND DEFINITIONS                         8
   3.1 Method of Syntax Specification                           8
   3.2 Definitions of Terms                                     9
        3.2.1 BASIC                                             9
        3.2.2 Batch-mode                                        9
        3.2.3 Can                                              10
        3.2.4 End-of-line                                      10
        3.2.5 Error                                            10
        3.2.6 Exception                                        10
        3.2.7 External                                         10
        3.2.8 Identifier                                       10
        3.2.9 Interactive mode                                 10
        3.2.10 Internal                                        11
        3.2.11 Keyword                                         11
        3.2.12 Line                                            11
        3.2.13 Machine Infinitesimal                           11
        3.2.14 May                                             11
        3.2.15 Native                                          11
        3.2.16 Overflow                                        11
        3.2.17 Print Zone                                      12
        3.2.18 Program Unit                                    12
        3.2.19 Reserved Word                                   12
        3.2.20 Rounding                                        12
        3.2.21 Shall                                           13
        3.2.22 Significant Digits                              13
        3.2.23 Truncation                                      13
        3.2.24 Underflow                                       13
4. PROGRAM ELEMENTS                                            15
   4.1 Characters                                              15
   4.2 Programs, Lines and Blocks                              16
   4.3 Program Annotation                                      19
   4.4 Identifiers                                             19
5. NUMBERS                                                     23
   5.1 Numeric Constants                                       23
   5.2 Numeric Variables                                       24
   5.3 Numeric Expressions                                     25
   5.4 Implementation-Supplied Numeric Functions               26
   5.5 Numeric Assignment Statement                            31

                             - ii -




   5.6 Numeric Arithmetic and Angle                            31
6. STRINGS                                                     35
   6.1 String Constants                                        35
   6.2 String Variables                                        35
   6.3 String Expression                                       37
   6.4 Implementation-Supplied String Functions                38
   6.5 String Assignment Statements                            41
   6.6 String Declarations                                     42
7. ARRAYS                                                      45
   7.1 Array Declarations                                      45
   7.2 Numeric Arrays                                          47
   7.3 String Arrays                                           50
8. CONTROL STRUCTURES                                          53
   8.1 Relation Expression                                     53
   8.2 Control Statements                                      54
   8.3 Loop Structures                                         56
   8.4 Decision Structures                                     58
9. PROGRAM SEGMENTATION                                        63
   9.1 User-Defined Functions                                  63
   9.2 Subprograms                                             68
   9.3 Chaining                                                73
10. INPUT AND OUTPUT                                           76
   10.1 Internal Data                                          76
   10.2 Input                                                  77   
   10.3 Output                                                 80
   10.4 Formatted Output                                       84
   10.5 Array Input and Output                                 88
11. FILES                                                      93
   11.1 File Operations                                        98
   11.2 File Pointer Manipulation                             108
   11.3 File Data Creation                                    111
   11.4 File Data Retrieval                                   118
   11.5 File Data Modification (BASIC-2 only)                 125
12. EXCEPTION HANDLING AND DEBUGGING                          130
   12.1 Exception Handling (BASIC-2 only)                     130
   12.2 Debugging (BASIC-1 and BASIC-2)                       135
13. GRAPHICS                                                  138
   13.1 Coordinate Systems                                    138
   13.2 Attributes and Screen Control                         141
   13.3 Graphic Output                                        143
14. REAL TIME (not in ECMA BASIC)
15. FIXED DECIMAL NUMBERS (BASIC-2 only)                      146
   15.1 Fixed Decimal Precision                               147
   15.2 Fixed Decimal Program Segmentation                    149
TABLE 1 - Standard BASIC Character Set                        152

                                 - iii -



TABLE 2 - Exception Codes                                     155
APPENDICES                                                    159
APPENDIX 1 - Organization of the Standard                     160
APPENDIX 2 - Scope Rules                                      162
APPENDIX 3 - Implementation-defined Features                  163
APPENDIX 4 - Index of Syntactic Objects                       167
APPENDIX 5 - Combined List of Production Rules                183
APPENDIX 6 - Differences between Minimal BASIC and ECMA BASIC 194
APPENDIX 7 - Language Elements under Consideration for future 196
             Removal



NOTE
Sections 4 to 15 are further subdivised in:
x.y.l General Description 
x.y.2 Syntax
x.y.3 Examples
x.y.4 Semantics
x.y.5 Exceptions
x.y.6 Remarks

                                       - 1 -
1. INTRODUCTION

[blank page]

                                       - 2 -





1. INTRODUCTION
   This Standard is designed to promote the interchangeability of BASIC programs among a vari- 
   ety of automatic data processing systems. Programs conforming to this Standard will be said 
   to be written in ECMA BASIC.
   Two levels of the language are specified in this Standard: ECMA BASIC-1 and ECMA BASIC-2. 
   In addition this Standard defines an optional Graphics module.
 1.1 Scope 
     This Standard establishes:
      - The syntax of programs written in ECMA BASIC.
      - The formats of data and the minimum precision and range of numeric representations 
        and the minimum length and set of characters in strings which are acceptable as input 
        to an automatic data processing system being controlled by a program written in 
        ECMA BASIC.
      - The formats of data and the minimum precision and range of numeric representations 
        and the minimum length and set of characters in strings which can be generated as 
        output by an automatic data processing system being controlled by a program written 
        in ECMA BASIC.
      - The semantic rules for interpreting the meaning of a program written in ECMA BASIC.
      - The errors and exceptional circumstances which shall be detected.
     Although the BASIC language was originally designed primarily for interactive use, this 
     Standard describes a language that is not so restricted. This Standard is not meant to 
     preclude the use of any particular implementation technique, for example interpreters, 
     incremental or one-pass compilers.
1.2 Related Standards 
     ECMA-6            7-Bit Coded Character Set
     ECMA-35           Code Extension Techniques
     ECMA-53           Representation of Source Program for Program Interchange: - APL,
                        COBOL, FORTRAN, Minimal BASIC and PL/1
     ECMA-55           Minimal BASIC
     ISO 2014          Writing of Calendar Dates in all-numeric form
     ISO 2711          Representation of Ordinal Dates
     ISO 3307          Representation of Time of the Day
     ISO 7942          GRAPHICAL KERNEL System (GKS)
     IEC 559           Binary Floating Point Arithmetic for Microprocessor Systems.
     ANSI X3.113-198X  American National Standard for BASIC

                            - 3 -
2. CONFORMANCE

                                        - 4 -




2. CONFORMANCE
   This Standard specifies two levels of the language: ECMA BASIC-1 and ECMA BASIC-2. In addi- 
   tion this Standard defines a Graphics module.
   ECMA BASIC-1 includes all the parts defined in Section 4 to 12, with the exception of those 
   portions of Section 11 that describes enhanced files and Section 12.1, Exception Handling. 
   All the keywords, listed in 3.2.19 under the heading BASIC-1 are reserved words.
   ECMA BASIC-2 includes all the parts defined in Section 4 to 12 and in Section 15. The key- 
   words, listed in 3.2.19 under the heading BASIC-2 are reserved words.
   The graphics module is specified in section 13. It is optional, and it can be used together 
   either with ECMA BASIC-1 or ECMA BASIC-2.
   There are two aspects of the conformance to the language defined in this Standard: confor- 
   mance by a program written in the ECMA BASIC language, and conformance by an implementation 
   which processes such programs.
   Broadly speaking, the conformance requirements are structured so that any program conform- 
   ing to this standard will produce the same results when executed by any implementation con- 
   forming to the standard (though some implementation-defined features are noted in Appendix 
   3).
2.1 Program Conformance 
     A program conforms to this Standard only when
     - the program and each statement or other syntactic element contained therein is syntac- 
       tically valid according to the syntactic rules specified by this Standard as belonging 
       to that level, and
     - the program as a whole violates none of the global constraints imposed by this level 
       of the Standard on the application of the syntactic rules.
2.2 Implementation Conformance 
     An implementation conforms to a level of this Standard only when
     - it accepts and processes all programs conforming to that level of this Standard,
     - it reports reasons for rejecting any program which does not conform to this Standard,
     - it interprets errors and exceptional circumstances according to the specifications of 
       this Standard,
     - it interprets the semantics of each statement of a conforming program according to the 
       specifications in this Standard,
     - it interprets the semantics of a conforming program as a whole according to the speci- 
       fications in this Standard,
     - it accepts as input, manipulates, and can generate as output numbers of at least the 
       precision and range specified in this Standard,
     - it accepts as input, manipulates, and can generate as output strings of at least the 
       length and composed of at least those characters specified in this Standard,
     - it is accompanied by documentation available to the user that describes the actions
       taken in regard to features referred to as "undefined" or "implementation-defined" in 
       this Standard, and
     - it is accompanied by documentation available to the user that describes and identifies
       all enhancements to the language defined in this Standard.
     This Standard makes no requirement concerning the interpretation of the semantics of any 
     statement or program as a whole that does not conform to this Standard.

                                    - 5 -



2.3 Errors 
     This Standard does not include specific requirements for reporting syntactic errors in 
     the text of a program.
     Implementations conforming to this Standard may accept programs written in an enhanced 
     language without having to report all constructs not conforming to this Standard.
     Whenever a statement or other program element does not conform to the syntactic rules 
     given herein, and that statement or other program element, does not have a clear, well 
     documented implementation-defined meaning, an error shall be reported. Errors shall be 
     reported in a clear and well documented way and whenever feasible the implementation 
     should indicate the erroneous statement and the position of the error within the 
     statement.
2.4 Exceptions 
     An exception is a circumstance arising in the course of execution of a program when an 
     implementation recognizes that the semantic rules of this Standard cannot be followed or 
     that some resource constraint is about to be exceeded. All exceptions described in this 
     Standard shall be detected, reported and processed when they occur, unless some mecha- 
     nism provided in 12.1 (BASIC-2 only) or an enhancement to this Standard has been invoked 
     by the user to handle exceptions.
     In the absence of programmer-specified recovery procedures, exceptions shall be handled 
     by the recovery procedures specified in this Standard. If no recovery procedure is spec- 
     ified in this Standard, or if restrictions imposed by the hardware or the operating en- 
     vironment make it impossible to follow the procedure specified in this Standard, then 
     the way in which the exception is handled depends on the context. If the exception oc- 
     curred in the invocation of a function or subprogram, then the exception is "propagated 
     back" to the invoking statement in the invoking program unit (see 12.1). If this propa- 
     gation procedure reaches the main-program, or if the exception occurred in the main- 
     program, then the exception shall be handled by terminating the program.
     The way in which the exception handling mechanism reports an exception is 
     implementation-defined, except that the contents of the report shall identify at least 
     the exception code and the line number of the line in which the original exception oc- 
     curred.
     Except in the case of files, when several exception are caused by the execution of a 
     single statement of a program, this Standard does not specify an order in which these 
     exceptions shall be detected or reported. If an implementation determines that a partic- 
     ular statement in a conforming program will always cause an exception when executed, the 
     implementation may issue a warning to the user. Nonetheless, the implementation must ac- 
     cept and execute the program, according to the normal semantic rules specified herein.
2.5 Relationship to the ANSI Standard 
     This Standard ECMA BASIC defines a subset of the ANSI BASIC Standard, ANSI X3.113-198X.
     The ANSI standard defines a set of modules, only one of which (the Core module) is 
     mandatory. On the other hand, only the graphics module is optional in the ECMA standard.
     Programs written in ECMA BASIC-1 will run on implementations conforming to the ANSI 
     standard if the implementation implements at least the Core module. Provided that the 
     implementation-defined elements are defined in a compatible way in the two implementa- 
     tions, the programs will act in the same way and give the same results.
     Programs written in BASIC-2 will run on implementations conforming to the ANSI Standard 
     if the implementation implements at least the Core module and the Enhanced Files module. 
     Provided that the implementation-defined elements are defined in a compatible way in the 
     two implementations, the program will act in the same way and give the same results.

                       - 6 -




The reverse will not always be true. In view of the modular nature of the ANSI standard, 
programs conforming to the ANSI standards will run on an ECMA BASIC implementations only 
if they use the set of facilities defined in the ECMA BASIC Standard. Real-time programs 
will not run on ECMA BASIC implementations.
A further difference exists in reserved words. All keywords defined in ECMA BASIC-1 are 
reserved and cannot be used as identifiers. Only a limited number of keywords is re- 
served in the ANSI Standard. Thus programs written in ECMA BASIC-1 will run on an ANSI 
implementation, with the limitations defined above. A program written in ANSI BASIC, and 
which uses only the facilitites defined in ECMA BASIC-1, is not granted to run on an 
ECMA BASIC-1 implementation, unless the limitations on identifiers have been observed.
The ECMA graphics module is a subset of the ANSI one. Thus programs conforming to the 
ECMA module will run on an ANSI implementation, but programs conforming to the ANSI mod- 
ule will not run on an ECMA implementation unless they use only the facilities defined 
in ECMA BASIC.

                                         - 7 -
3. SYNTAX SPECIFICATION AND DEFINITIONS

                                            - 8 -




3. SYNTAX SPECIFICATION AND DEFINITIONS 
 3.1 Method of Syntax Specification 
      The syntax, through a series of rewriting rules known as "productions", defines syntac- 
      tic objects of various types, such as a program or expression, and describes which 
      strings of symbols are objects of these types.
      In the syntax, upper-case-letters, digits, and (possibly hyphenated) lower-case words 
      are used as "metanames", i.e. as names of syntactic objects. Most of these metanames are 
      defined by productions in terms of other metanames. In order that this process termi- 
      nates, certain metanames are designated as "terminal" metanames, and productions for 
      them are not included in the syntax. With the exception of the construct 
      "[implementation-defined]", all terminal metanames occur for the first time and are de- 
      fined in 4.1. It should be noted in particular that all upper-case-letters are terminal 
      metanames which denote both themselves and their lower-case equivalents (except in the 
      productions defining upper-case-letters and lower-case-letters, in which the letters de- 
      note only themselves). The digits are terminal metanames which denote themselves. In ad- 
      dition, the construct "[implementation-defined]" is not a unique syntactic object, but 
      each occurrence of it is defined by each implementation in an appropriate fashion for 
      the object in question. In some cases a recommendation as to the representation of the 
      object is given in the corresponding remarks section.
      We illustrate further details of the syntax by considering some examples from 5.1. The 
      production
          fraction = period integer
      indicates that a fraction is a period followed by an integer. Since "period" is a termi- 
      nal metaname (i.e., it does not occur on the left-hand side of any production), the se- 
      mantics in 4.1 identify the particular character denoted by a period.
      What is integer? The production 
          integer = digit digit*
      indicates that an integer is a digit followed by an arbitrary number of other digits. An 
      asterisk is a syntactic operator indicating that the object it follows may be repeated 
      any number of time, including zero times.
      What is a digit? In 4.1 the production
          digit = 0 / 1 / 2 / 3/ 4 / 5 / 6/ 7/ 8/ 9
      indicates that a digit is either a 0, a 1, ..., or a 9. The slant is a syntactic opera- 
      tor meaning "or" and is used to indicate that a metaname can be rewritten in one of sev- 
      eral ways.
      Since the digits are terminal metanames, our decipherment of the syntax for a fraction 
      comes to an end. The semantics in 4.1 identify the digits in terms of the characters 
      they represent.
      A question-mark is a syntactic operator like the asterisk, indicating that the object it 
      follows may be omitted. For example, the production
          exrad = E sign? integer
      indicates that an exrad consists of the letter E or e followed by an optional sign fol- 
      lowed by an integer.
      Parentheses may be used to group sequences of metanames together. For example, 
           variable-list = variable (comma variable)*

                                  - 9 -




    defines a variable-list to consist of a variable followed by an arbitrary number of 
    other variables separated by commas. If we wish parentheses actually to appear in syn- 
    tactic objects, rather than just wish to use them to describe syntactic objects, then we 
    indicate their presence by the metanames "left-parenthesis" and "right-parenthesis".
    When several syntactic operators occur in the same production, the following order of 
    precedence is employed. The operators "?" and "*" apply only to the word or parenthe- 
    sized expression they immediately follow. The operator "/" applies to the sequence of 
    words and expressions, separated by spaces, which occur since the beginning of the en- 
    tire expression, the last "/", or the last unmatched left parenthesis. Thus, for 
    example,
        significand = integer period? / integer? fraction 
    is equivalent to
        significand = (integer (period)?) / ((integer)? fraction)
    Spaces in the syntax are used to separate terms in a production from each other. Special 
    conventions are observed regarding spaces in BASIC programs (see 4.1).
    Some syntactic objects are defined by more than one production. For 
     example, in 5.2 we find
        simple-variable > simple-numeric-variable
    and in 6.2 we find
        simple-variable > simple-string-variable.
    Those two productions are equivalent to the single production below (provided no other 
    definition of simple-variable exists)
        simple-variable = simple-numeric-variable / simple-string-variable.
    In all cases, a greater-than-sign is used in place of an equals-sign to indicate a mul- 
    tiple definition, such definitions are equivalent to a single definition containing the 
    various right-hand sides separated by slants.
    In order to maintain the same numbering of productions in the ECMA and ANSI standards
    productions not used in the ECMA Standard are identified by the construct: [deleted].
    As an illustration of the method of syntax specification, following is a description of
    the syntax of this method. The terminal metanames occurring below are defined in 4.1.
       1. production          = metanames spaces (equals-sign / greater-than-sign) 
                                spaces syntax-expression
       2. metaname            = lower-case-letter metacharacters"
       3. metacharacter       = lower-case-letter / hyphen
       4. spaces              = space* end-of-line? space* space
       5. syntax-expression   = syntax-term (spaces ? slant spaces? syntax-term)*
       6. syntax-term         = syntax-factor (spaces syntax-factor)*
       7. syntax-factor       = syntax-primary repetition?
       8. syntax-primary      = metaname / digit digit* / upper-case-letter 
                                upper-case-letter* / left-parenthesis space* 
                                syntax-expression space* right-parenthesis
       9. repetition          = asterisk / question-mark
3.2 Definitions of Terms 
    For the purpose of this Standard, the following terms have the meanings indicated.

                           - 10 -




3.2.1 BASIC
     A term applied as a name to members of a special class of languages which possess 
     similar syntaxes and semantic meanings, acronym for Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic 
     Instruction Code.
3.2.2 Batch-mode
     The processing of programs in an environment where no provision is made for user in- 
     teraction.
3.2.3 Can
     The word "can" is used in a descriptive sense to indicate that standard-conforming 
     programs are allowed to contain certain constructions and that standard-conforming 
     implementations are required to process such programs correctly.
3.2.4 End-of-line
     The character(s) or indicator which identifies the termination of a line. Lines of 
     three kinds may be identified in BASIC: program lines, print lines, and input-reply 
     lines. End-of-lines may vary between the three cases and may also vary depending upon 
     context. Thus, for example, the end-of-line in an input-reply may vary on a given 
     system depending on the source for input being used in interactive or batch mode.
     Typical examples of end-of-line are carriage-return, carriage-return line-feed, and 
     end of record (such as end of card).
3.2.5 Error
     A flaw in the syntax of a program which causes the program to be incorrect. 
3.2.6 Exception 
     A circumstance arising in the course of executing a program when an implementation 
     recognizes that the semantic rules of this Standard cannot be followed or that some 
     resource constraint is about to be exceeded. Certain exceptions (nonfatal exceptions) 
     may be handled by automatic recovery procedures specified in this Standard. These and 
     other exceptions may also be handled by recovery procedures specified in the program 
     (see 12.1, BASIC-2 only). If no recovery procedure is given in this Standard (fatal 
     exceptions) or if restrictions imposed by the hardware or operating environment make 
     it impossible to follow the given procedure, and if no recovery procedure is speci- 
     fied in the program, then the way in which the exception is handled depends on the 
     context. If the exception occurred in an invocation of a function, picture, or sub- 
     program, then the exception is 'propagated back' to the invoking statement of the in- 
     voking program unit (see 12.1, BASIC-2 only). If this propagation procedure reaches 
     the main program, or if the exception occurred in the main program, then the excep- 
     tion shall be handled by terminating the program.
3.2.7 External 
     With respect to procedures, refers to a procedure lexically not contained within a 
     larger program-unit.
3.2.8 Identifier
     A character string used to name a variable, an array, an array-value, an exception- 
     handler, a function, subprogram, or a program.
3.2.9 Interactive mode
     The processing of programs in an environment which permits the user to respond di- 
     rectly to the actions of individual programs and to control the initiation and termi- 
     nation of these programs.

                                      - 11 -

3.2.10 Internal 
   With respect to record-type, refers to data representations such that both the type 
   and exact value of the written data are preserved and retrievable by subsequent read 
   operations.
   With respect to procedures, refers to a procedure lexically contained within a 
   larger program: unit and sharing data with that unit.
3.2.11 Keyword 
   A character string, usually with the spelling of a commonly used or mnemonic word, 
   which provides a distinctive identification of a statement or a component of a 
   statement of a programming language.
   The keywords in ECMA BASIC are:
   ACCESS, AND, ANGLE, AREA, ARITHMETIC, ARRAY, ASK, AT, BASE, BEGIN, BREAK, CALL, CASE, 
   CAUSE, CHAIN, CLEAR, CLIP, CLOSE, COLLATE, COLOR, DATA, DATUM, DEBUG, DECIMAL, 
   DECLARE, DEF, DEGREES, DELETE, DEVICE, DIM, DISPLAY, DO, ELAPSED, ELSE, ELSEIF, END, 
   ERASE, ERASABLE, EXIT, EXLINE, EXTERNAL, EXTYPE, FILETYPE, FIXED, FOR, FUNCTION, GO, 
   GOSUB, GOTO, HANDLER, IF, IMAGE, IN, INPUT, INTERNAL, IS, KEY, KEYED, LENGTH, LET, 
   LINE, LINES, LOOP, MARGIN, MAT, MISSING, NAME, NATIVE, NEXT, NOT, NUMERIC, OF, OFF, 
   ON, OPEN, OPTION, OR, ORGANIZATION, OUTIN, OUTPUT, POINT, POINTER, POINTS, PRINT, 
   PROGRAM, PROMPT, RADIANS, RANDOMIZE, READ, RECORD, RECSIZE, RECTYPE, RELATIVE, REM, 
   REST, RESTORE, RETRY, RETURN, REWRITE, SAME, SELECT, SEQUENTIAL, SET, SETTER, SIZE, 
   SKIP, STANDARD, STATUS, STEP, STOP, STRING, STYLE, SUB, TAB, TEMPLATE, TEXT, THEN, 
   THERE, TIME, TIMEOUT, TO, TRACE, UNTIL, USE, USING, VARIABLE, VIEWPORT, WHEN, WHILE, 
   WINDOW, WITH, WRITE, ZONEWIDTH.
   Keywords may also be spelled using lower-case letters or mixed upper-case and lower- 
   case letters.
3.2.12 Line
   Two types of lines are described in the Standard, a physical line and a logical line. 
   A physical line is an ordered sequence of characters which terminates with an end-of- 
   line. A physical line starts with a line-number or with an ampersand. A logical line 
   consists of a line-number followed by an ordered sequence of text where each line- 
   continuation has logically been replaced by a space.
3.2.13 Machine Infinitesimal 
   The smallest positive value (other than zero) which can be represented and manipu- 
   lated by a BASIC implementation.
3.2.14 May
   The word "may" is used in a permissive sense to indicate that a standard-conforming 
   implementation may or may not provide a particular feature.
3.2.15 Native
   With respect to record-type, refers to a record with a specified structure for the 
   fields within the record, so as to be compatible with records generated by other lan- 
   guages on the same system. With respect to numeric or string data, refers to data for 
   which certain semantic rules are left implementation-defined (e.g. collating se- 
   quence, precision) so as to be directly implementable on the host hardware.
3.2.16 Overflow
   With respect to numeric operations, the term applied to the condition which exists 
   when a prior operation has attempted to generate a result which exceeds MAXNUM (see 
   5.4.4), or which exceeds the maximum value that can be represented by the declared

                                          - 12 -




        format of a fixed point variable or array. With respect to string operations, the 
        term applied to the condition which exists when a prior operation has attempted to 
        generate a result which has more characters than can be contained in a string of max- 
        imal length, as determined by the language processor. With respect to string assign- 
        ment, the term applied to the condition which exists when a prior operation has at- 
        tempted to assign a value that is longer than the declared or default maximum of a 
        string-variable or string-defined-function.
3.2.17 Print Zone 
        A contiguous set of character positions in a printed output line which may contain an 
        evaluated print-statement element.
3.2.18 Program Unit
        A self-contained part of a BASIC program consisting either of the main-program, which 
        is the sequence of lines up to and including the line containing an END statement, or 
        of an external-sub-def or external-function-def.
3.2.19 Reserved Word 
            BASIC-1 
            A character string whose usage as a routine-identifier, string-identifier or 
            numeric-identifier is forbidden in an ECMA BASIC-1 program.These words are:
            - the no-argument supplied function names: DATE, EXLINE, EXTYPE, MAXNUM, PI, 
              RND, TIME, TRANSFORM, DATE$, and TIME$,
            - the identifier used in array-values: CON, IDN, ZER, and NUL$,
            - the following keywords: ACCESS, AND, ANGLE, AREA, ARITHMETIC, ASK, AT, BASE, 
              BEGIN, BREAK, CALL, CASE, CHAIN, CLEAR, CLIP, CLOSE, COLLATE, COLOR, DATA, 
              DATUM, DEBUG, DECIMAL, DECLARE, DEF, DEGREES, DEVICE, DEVICE, DIM, DISPLAY, 
              DO, ELAPSED, ELSE, ELSEIF, END, ERASE, ERASABLE, EXIT, EXTERNAL, FILETYPE, 
              FOR, FUNCTION, GO, GOSUB, GOTO, GRAPH, IF, IMAGE, INPUT, INTERNAL, IS, 
              LENGTH, LET, LINE, LINES, LOOP, MARGIN, MAT, MISSING, NAME, NATIVE, NEXT, 
              NOT, NUMERIC, OFF, ON, OPEN, OPTION, OR, ORGANIZATION, OUTIN, OUTPUT, POINT, 
              POINTER, POINTS, PRINT, PROGRAM, PROMPT, RADIANS, RANDOMIZE, READ, RECSIZE, 
              RECTYPE, REM, REST, RESTORE, RETURN, SAME, SELECT, SEQUENTIAL, SET, ShlIER, 
              SIZE, SKIP, STANDARD, STATUS, STEP, STOP, STREAM, STRING, STYLE, SUB, TAB, 
              TEXT, THEN, THERE, TIMEOUT, TO, TRACE, UNTIL, USING, VARIABLE, VIEWPORT, 
              WHILE, WINDOW, WITH, WRITE, ZONEWIDTH.
            The function names EXLINE and EXTYPE are not used in ECMA BASIC-1, but are 
            reserved for compatibility with ECMA BASIC-2.
            BASIC-2 
            A character string whose usage as a routine-identifier, string-identifier or 
            numeric-identifier is forbidden in an ECMA BASIC-2 program.These words are:
            - the no-argument supplied function names: DATE, EXLINE, EXTYPE, MAXNUM, PI,
              RND, TIME, TRANSFORM, DATE$ and TIMES$,
            - the identifiers used in array-values: CON, IDN, ZER, and NUL$,
            - the keywords NOT, ELSE, PRINT and REM.
3.2.20 Rounding
        The process by which a representation of a value with lower precision is generated 
        from a representation of higher precision taking into account the value of that por- 
        tion of the original number which is to be omitted. For example, rounding X to the 
        nearest integer may be accomplished by INT(X+0.5) (see 5.4).

                          - 13 -




3.2.21 Shall
     The word "shall" is used in an imperative sense to indicate that a program is re- 
     quired to be constructed, or that an implementation is required to act, as specified 
     in order to meet the constraints of standard conformance.
3.2.22 Significant Digits 
     The contiguous sequence of digits between the high-order nonzero digit and the low- 
     order digit, without regard for the location of the radix point. Commonly, in a nor- 
     malized floating point internal representation, only the significant digits of a rep- 
     resentation are maintained in the significand. In fixed-point representation, the low 
     order digit is the rightmost one explicitly specified, and non-significant high order 
     digits may be maintained.
3.2.23 Truncation
     The process by which a representation of a value with lower precision is generated 
     from a representation of higher precision by merely deleting the unwanted low-order 
     digits of the original representation.
3.2.24 Underflow
     With respect to numeric operations, the terms applied to the condition which exists 
     when a prior operation has attempted to generate a result, other than zero, which is 
     less in magnitude than machine infinitesimal.

         - 14 -

4. PROGRAM ELEMENTS

                                               - 15 -



4. PROGRAM ELEMENTS 
    A BASIC program is a sequence of lines containing statements. Each line is itself a se- 
    quence of characters.
 4.1 Characters 
  4.1.1 General Description 
          The character set for ECMA BASIC is contained in the Standard ECMA-6. 
  4.1.2 Syntax 
           1. character                  = quotation-mark / non-quote-character
           2. quoted-string-character = double-quote / non-quote-character
           3. non-quote-character        = ampersand / apostrophe / asterisk / circumflex-accent 
                                           / colon / comma / dollar-sign / equals-sign / 
                                           exclamation-mark / greater-than-sign / 
                                           left-parenthesis / less-than-sign /
                                           number-sign / percent-sign / question-mark / 
                                           right-parenthesis / semicolon / slant /
                                           underline / unquoted-string-character
           4. double-quote               = quotation-mark quotation-mark
           5. unquoted-string-character = space / plain-string-character
           6. plain-string-character     = digit / letter / period / plus-sign / minus-sign
           7. digit                      = 0/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9
           8. letter                     = upper-case-letter / lower-case-letter
           9. upper-case-letter          = A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I/J/K/L/M/N/O/P/Q/R/S/T/U/V/W/X/Y/Z
          10. lower-case-letter          = a/b/c/d/e/f/g/h/i/j/k/l/m/n/o/p/q/r/s/t/u/v/w/x/y/z
          11. other character            = [implementation-defined]
          The syntax as described generates programs which contain no spaces other than those 
          occurring in remark-strings, in certain quoted-strings, unquoted-strings, and 
          literal-strings, or where the presence of a space is explicitly indicated by the 
          metaname space.
          Special conventions shall be observed regarding spaces. With the following excep- 
          tions, spaces may occur anywhere in a BASIC program without affecting the execution 
          of that program and may be used to improve the appearance and readability of the pro- 
          gram. Spaces shall not appear:
          -  immediately preceding the line-number of a line 
          -  within line-numbers
           - within keywords
           - within identifiers
           - within numeric-constants
           - within multicharacter relation symbols.
          In addition, spaces which appear in quoted-strings, unquoted-strings, and format- 
          strings shall be significant (though spaces which precede or follow an unquoted- 
          string are not part of that string).
          All keywords in a program, when used as such, shall be preceded and followed by some 
          character other than a letter, digit, underline or dollar-sign. A keyword may also be 
          followed by an end-of-line.
  4.1.3 Examples 
          None.

                                 - 16 -



4.1.4 Semantics 
      The letters shall be the set of capital (upper-case) and small (lower-case) latin 
      letters contained in the character set in positions 4/1 to 5/10 and 6/1 to 7/10, re- 
      spectively.
      The digits shall be the set of Arabic digits contained in the character set in posi- 
      tion 3/0 to 3/9.
      The remaining characters shall correspond to the remaining graphic characters in po- 
      sition 2/0 to 2/15, 3/10 to 3/15, 5/14, and 5/15 of the ECMA character set.
      The names of the characters are specified in Table 1. Table 1 shall apply when the 
      standard collating sequence is in effect, either by default or by explicit use of a 
      COLLATE option (see 6.4, 6.6, and 8.1). The coding for the native collating sequence 
      shall be implementation-defined.
      All characters other than letters denote themselves. Letters denote themselves 
      within quoted-strings, unquoted-strings and line-input-replies. Corresponding upper- 
      case-letters and lower-case-letters shall be equivalent when used in identifiers and 
      keywords. Quoted-string-characters also denote themselves, except for the double- 
      quote, which denotes one occurrence of the quotation-mark in the value of the string.
4.1.5 Exceptions 
      None.
4.1.6 Remarks 
      Other-characters may be defined by an implementation to be part of the character set 
      for BASIC. These characters may be used in strings and may be accepted as characters 
      in data supplied in response to a request for input or generated as the value of the 
      CHR$ function (see 6.4). The effects of these other-characters are implementation- 
      defined.
      Programs written using other-characters (except for end-of-line characters) are not 
      themselves standard-conforming programs.
4.2 Programs, Lines, and Blocks 
4.2.1 General Description 
      A BASIC program is a sequence of lines. Each line contains a unique line-number which 
      facilitates program editing and serves as a label for the statement contained in that 
      line.
      A BASIC program is divided logically into a number of program-units The first of 
      these is the main-program, which is terminated by an end-line. Following the main- 
      program may be zero or more external-sub-def or external-function-def. Certain 
      logical groupings of lines within a BASIC program are called blocks.
4.2.2 Syntax
      The syntax elements available only in ECMA BASIC-2 are printed in bold.
       1. program            > program-name-line? main-program procedure-par
       2. program-name-line  = line-number PROGRAM program-name function-parm-list? 
                               tail
       3. program-name       = routine-identifier
      4. main-program        = unit-block* end-line
       5. unit-block         = internal-proc-def / block
       6. internal-proc-def  > internal-function-def / internal-sub-def / 
                               detached-handler

                            - 17 -




7. block                  statement-line / loop / if-block / select-block / 
                          image-line / protection-block
8. statement-line         line-number statement tail
9. line-number            digit digit*
10. statement             declarative-statement / imperative-statement / 
                          conditional-statement
11. declarative-statement data-statement / declare-statement / 
                          dimension-statement / null-statement / 
                          option-statement / remark-statement 
12. imperative-statement  array-assignment / array-input-statement / 
                          array-line-input-statement /
                          array-print-statement / array-read-statement 
                          array-write-statement / ask-statement / 
                          break-statement / call-statement / 
                          cause-statement / chain-statement / 
                          close-statement / debug-statement / 
                          erase-statement / exit-do-statement / 
                          exit-for-statement / exit-function-statement 
                          exit-handler-statement / exit-sub-statement / 
                          gosub-statement / goto-statement / 
                          handler-return-statement / input-statement / 
                          let-statement / line-input-statement / 
                          numeric-function-let-statement / 
                          open-statement / print-statement / 
                          randomize-statement / read-statement / 
                          restore-statement / return-statement / 
                          set-statement / stop-statement / 
                          string-function-let-statement /
                          trace-statement / write-statement 
13. stop-statement        STOP
14. conditional-statement if-statement / on-gosub-statement / on-goto-statement 
15. tail                  tail-comment? end-of-line
16. end-of-line           [implementation-defined]
17. end-line              line-number end-statement tail
18. end-statement         END
19. procedure-part        remark-line* procedure
20. procedure             external-function-def / external-sub-def 
21. remark-line           line-number (null-statement / remark-statement) 
                          end-of-line
22. line                  case-line / case-else-line / do-line / else-line / 
                          elseif-then-line / end-function-line / 
                          end-handler-line / end-if-line / end-line / 
                          end-select-line / end-sub-line / end-when-line
                          / external-function-line / external-sub-line / 
                          for-line / handler-line / internal-def-line / 
                          internal-function-line / internal-sub-line / 
                          if-then-line / image-line / loop-line / 
                          next-line / program-name-line / remark-line / 
                          select-line / statement-line / use-line / 
                          when-line / when-use-name-line
23. program-unit          main-program / procedure
24. line-continuation   = ampersand space* tail ampersand
A program shall be composed of a sequence of lines. Exactly one of these lines shall 
be an end-line; the lines up to and including this end-line constitutes the main- 
program.

                                      - 18 -



       Line-number zero is not allowed; leading zeroes shall have no effect. Lines shall 
       occur in ascending line-number order. All references to line-numbers within a 
       program-unit shall be to line-numbers of lines within that program-unit. The number 
       of digits in a line-number shall not exceed 5. The value of a line-number shall not 
       exceed 50000.
       The manner in which the end of a line is detected is determined by the 
       implementation; e.g., the end-of-line may be a carriage-return character, a carriage- 
       return character followed by a line-feed character, or the end of a physical record.
       A physical line in a program shall contain at most 132 characters before each end-of- 
       line indicator.
       At any place where a space may be used, except in quoted-strings, unquoted-strings, 
       literal-strings, and remark-strings (see 4.1 and 4.3), a line-continuation may be 
       substituted for a space with no effect other than that of the space it replaces.
       Parameters in the program-name-line shall not be explicitly dimensioned or declared 
       in the main-program.
4.2.3 Examples 
        2. 100 PROGRAM Graphic     & ! This program draws a graph
                      x,           & ! x is x-coordinate 
                        y)           ! y is y-coordinate
       18. 999 END
4 2.4 Semantics 
       The program-name-line is the operand of the chain-statement (see 9.3). The 
       relationship between the program-name and the program-designator in a program 
       executing a chain-statement is implementation-defined. Parameters in the program- 
       name-line are evaluated as described in 9.1. Their scope is the main-program. For a 
       program executed in isolation, the program-name has no effect. The effect of a 
       parameter-list in a program-name-line for a program executed in isolation is 
       implementation-defined.
       Lines in a program shall be executed in sequential order, starting with the first 
       line, until
       - some other action is dictated by execution of a line, or
       - an exception occurs (unless, in BASIC-2, it is a nonfatal exception which is not 
         handled by a user defined exception-handler), or
       - a chain-statement is executed, or
       - a stop-statement or end-statement is executed.
       The end-statement shall serve both to mark the physical end of the main-program and 
       to terminate execution of the program when encountered.
       Execution of a stop-statement shall also cause termination of execution of the 
       program.
4.2.5 Exceptions 
       None.
4.2.6 Remarks 
       References to non-existent line-numbers in a program-unit are syntax errors. 
       Implementations may therefore treat them as exceptions, if they are documented as 
       such.

                                  - 19 -



4.3. Program Annotation 
4.3.1 General Description 
      BASIC programs may be annotated by comments at the end of program lines or by 
      separate remark-statements.
4.3.2 Syntax
       1. remark-statement   = REM remark-string
       2. remark-string      = character*
       3. null-statement     = tail-comment
       4. tail-comment       = exclamation-mark remark-string
      Line-continuation shall not occur in remark-strings. 
4.3.3 Examples 
      1. REM FINAL CHECK 
      4. ! COMPUTE AVERAGE
4.3.4 Semantics 
      If the execution of a program reaches a line containing a remark-statement or null- 
      statement, then it shall proceed to the next line with no other effect.
      A tail-comment has no effect upon the execution of the line in which it occurs. The 
      remark-string in the tail-comment serves solely as a comment about the line.
4.3.5 Exceptions 
      None.
4.3.6 Remarks 
      None.
4.4 Identifiers 
4.4.1 General Description 
      Identifiers are used to name variables, arrays, array-values, functions, programs, 
      subprograms and exception-handlers.
4.4.2 Syntax
       1. identifier          > numeric-identifier / string-identifier / 
                                routine-identifier
       2. numeric-identifier  = letter identifier-characters*
       3. identifier-character= letter / digit / underline
       4. string-identifier   = letter identifier-character*dollar-sign 
       5. routine-identifier  = letter identifier-character*
      An identifier shall contain at most 31 characters, including the dollar-sign in the 
      case of a string identifier.
      A given numeric-identifier may name a simple-numeric-variable, a one-dimensional, 
      two-dimensional or three-dimensional numeric-array, a numeric-function, or a numeric- 
      array-value, but not more than one of these in a program-unit. Likewise, a given 
      string-identifier may name a simple-string-variable, a one-dimensional, two- 
      dimensional or three-dimensional string-array, a string-function, or a string-array- 
      value, but not more than one of these in a program-unit.
      A given identifier may name an internal-subprogram, an internal-function-def or a 
      detached-handler but not more than one of these in a program-unit.

                   - 20 -



   A given routine-identifier shall not name more than one of an external-function-def, 
   an external-sub-def or a main-program in a program.
   A numeric-identifier which names an external-function-def may not be used as a 
   routine-identifier.
   The names of the no-argument supplied functions or array-values CON, DATE, EXLINE, 
   EXTYPE, IDN, MAXNUM, PI, RND, TIME, TRANSFORM and ZER shall not be used as numeric- 
   identifiers to name any other entity. The names of the no-argument supplied 
   functions or array-values DATE$, NUL$, and TIME$ shall not be used as string- 
   identifiers to name any other entity. The keywords listed in 3.2.19 shall not be used 
   as identifiers. Note that the list in 3.2.19 is different for BASIC-1 and BASIC-2.
4.4.3 Examples 
   2. X
    sum
   4. A$
    last_names$
   5. INVERT
4.4.4 Semantics 
   Each program-unit is a distinct entity in that identifiers used to name variables, 
   arrays, detached-handlers, internal-function-definitions, or internal-procedures 
   defined within program-units shall be local to each invocation of the program-unit in 
   which they occur; i.e., they shall name different objects in different program-units 
   and in different invocations of the same program-unit. Identifiers used to name 
   supplied-functions or program-units, however, shall be global to the entire program; 
   i.e., they shall name the same object wherever they occur.
   If the name of implementation-supplied function or the keyword TAB is implicitly or 
   explicitly defined or declared as the identifier of a user-defined function, array, 
   or variable, then the defined declared interpretation of the identifier shall 
   override the interpretation specified by the Standard within the scope of the 
   definition or declaration. Therefore, within that scope, the implementation-supplied 
   function or the tab-call shall be unavailable.
   Within any program-unit, identifiers which differ only in the cases of the letters 
   they contain shall denote the same objects (e.g., X1 identifies the same object as 
   xl). Identifiers which differ in any other respect shall denote different objects.
4.4.5 Exceptions 
   None.
4.4.6 Remarks 
   No implementation-defined enhancement to this Standard may extend the list of words 
   unavailable for use as simple-variables. Since all arrays must be declared (see 
   7.1.), and since all defined-functions must be declared or defined in the program- 
   unit in which they are referenced, implementations may supply built-in functions 
   other than those specified in this Standard provided that any declaration for such 
   identifiers within a program overrides the implementation-supplied interpretation. 
   Note, however, that in some cases the use of a parameterless function supplied by an 
   implementation as an enhancement would be syntactically indistinguishable from a

                                   - 21 -



variable having the same name. Therefore, implementations which provide such 
functions must also provide a syntactic means for identifying them as functions. 
Examples of such syntax are a requirement to declare such functions explicitly in any 
program-unit where they are used or requiring the use of empty parentheses (e.g. 
"NEWFUNCTION()") with reference to such functions.
An operating system may impose additional restrictions on the length and form or 
identifiers for procedures which are compiled independently of the main-program.
A supplied-function may be overridden by defining a user-defined function or simple- 
variable with the same name.
In ECMA BASIC-2, an identifier may have the same spelling as a keyword (other than 
PRINT, ELSE, REM or NOT).

              - 22 -
5. NUMBERS

                                           - 23 -



5. NUMBERS 
    Numbers constitute one of two primitive data types in BASIC (the other is strings). With 
    numbers are associated constants, variables, and implementation-supplied functions, from 
    which expressions can be formed.
 5.1 Numeric Constants 
  5.1.1 General Description
         Numeric-constants denote scalar numeric values. A numeric-constant is a decimal 
         representation, in positional-notation, of a number. There are four general syntactic 
         forms of numeric-constants:
         - implicit point unscaled representation d...d
         - explicit point unscaled representation ds..drd...d
         - explicit point scaled representation   sd...drd...dEsd...d
         - implicit point scaled representation   sd...dEsd...d
         where d is a digit,  r is a period, s  is an optional sign, and E is the explicit
         character E or e.   A numeric-constant not preceded  by a  sign is  assumed to  be
         positive.
  5.1.2  Syntax
          1. constant                 > numeric-constant
          2. numeric-constant         = sign? numeric-rep
          3. sign                     = plus-sign / minus-sign
          4. numeric-rep              = significand exrad?
          5. significand              = integer period? / integer? fraction
          6. integer                  = digit digit*
          7. fraction                 = period integer
          8. exrad                    = E sign? integer
  5.1.3  Examples
          2. -21
          4. 1E10
             5e-1
             .4E+1
          5. 500.
             1.2
          7. .255
 5.1.4   Semantics
         The value of a numeric-constant is the number represented by that constant. "E" and 
         "e" stand for "times ten to the power"; if no sign follows the symbols E and e, then 
         a plus-sign is understood.
         A program can contain numeric-constants which have an arbitrary number of digits. An 
         implmentation must retain either the exact value of a numeric-constant, or that value 
         rounded to an implementation-defined precision. The implementation-defined precision 
         for numeric constants shall not be less than ten or six significant decimal digits, 
         depending on upon whether the arithmetic option in force is DECIMAL or NATIVE 
         respectively. Numeric-constants can also have an arbitrary number of digits in the 
         exrad, though nonzero constants whose magnitude is outside an implementation-defined 
         range may be treated as exceptions (see 5.6). Nonzero constants whose magnitudes are 
         less than machine infinitesimal shall be replaced by zero, while constants whose 
         magnitudes are larger than MAXNUM shall be reported as causing an overflow.

                                         - 24 -



 5.1.5 Exceptions 
        - The evaluation of a numeric-constant causes an overflow (1001, fatal).
 5.1.6 Remarks 
        It is recommended that implementations report constants whose magnitudes are less 
        than machine infinitesimal as underflows (1501, nonfatal replace by zero and 
        continue). In BASIC-2 implementation, this permits interception by exception 
        handlers.
        Although this Standard contains no provision for named constants, their effect can be 
        achieved through no-argument defined-functions (see 9.1).
5.2 Numeric Variables 
 5.2.1 General Description 
        Numeric-variables may be either simple-numeric-variables or references to elements of 
        numeric-arrays.
 5.2.2 Syntax 
         1. variable                > numeric-variable
         2. numeric-variable        = simple-numeric-variable / numeric-array-element
         3. simple-numeric-variable = numeric-identifier
         4. numeric-array-element   = numeric-array subscript-part
         5. numeric-array           = numeric-identifier
         6. subscript-part          = left-parenthesis subscript (comma subscript)* 
                                      right-parenthesis
         7. subscript               = index
         8. index                   = numeric-expression
         9. simple-variable         > simple-numeric-variable
        10. array-name              > numeric-array
        The number of subscripts in a subscript-part shall be one, two, or three. 
 5.2.3 Examples 
         3. X
            sum
         4. V(4)
            table(i, j+1)
 5.2.4 Semantics 
        At any instant in the execution of a program, a numeric-variable is associated with a 
        single numeric value. The value associated with a numeric-variable may be changed by 
        the execution of statements in the program.
        Simple-numeric-variables are declared implicitly through their appearance in a 
        program-unit. The scope of a numeric-variable shall be the program-unit in which it 
        appears, unless it is a parameter of an internal-function-definition (see 9.1).
        An index is a numeric-expression whose value shall be rounded to the nearest integer; 
        the rounded value of X is defined to be INT(X+.5).
        A numeric-array-element is called a subscripted numeric-variable and refers to the 
        element in the array selected by the value(s) of the subscript(s). The acceptable 
        range of values must be explicitly declared in a dimension-statement or a declare- 
        statement (see 7.1). Subscripts shall have values within the appropriate range.
        At the initiation of execution the values associated with all numeric-variables shall 
        be implementation-defined.

                                        - 25 -




 5.2.5 Exceptions 
        - A subscript is not in the range of the declared bounds (2001, fatal).
 5.2.6 Remarks 
        Since initialization of variables is not specified, and hence may vary from 
        implementation to implementation, programs that are intended to be transportable 
        should explicitly assign a value to each variable before any expression involving 
        that variable is evaluated.
        There are many commonly used alternatives for associating implementation-defined 
        initial values with variables; it is recommended that all variables be recognizably 
        undefined in the sense that an exception will result from any attempt to access the 
        value of any variable before that variable is explicitly assigned a value (3101, 
        nonfatal: supply an implementation-defined value and continue).
5.3 Numeric Expressions 
 5.3.1 General Description
        Numeric-expressions may be constructed from numeric-variables, numeric-reps, and 
        numeric-function-refs using the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, 
        division, and exponentiation (i.e., raising to a power).
 5.3.2 Syntax
         1. expression             > numeric-expression
         2. numeric-expression     = sign? term (sign term)*
         3. term                   = factor (multiplier factor)*
         4. factor                 = primary (circumflex-accent primary)*
         5. primary                = numeric-rep numeric-variable / numeric-function-ref / 
                                     left-parenthesis numeric-expression
                                     right-parenthesis
         6. numeric-function-ref   > numeric-function function-arg-list?
         7. numeric-function       = numeric-defined-function / numeric-supplied-function 
         8. function-arg-list      = left-parenthesis function-argument (comma 
                                     function-argument)*right-parenthesis
         9. function-argument      = expression / actual-array
        10. actual-array           = array-name
        11. multiplier             = asterisk / slant
        The number and types of arguments in a numeric-function-ref shall agree with the 
        number and types of corresponding parameters in the definition of the numeric- 
        function. An actual-array shall have the same number of dimensions as the 
        corresponding parameter.
        Whenever numeric arguments are passed to an external-function-definition, the 
        ARITHMETIC options in effect for the external-function-definition and the invoking 
        program-unit must agree.
        Each numeric-function referenced in an expression within a program-unit shall either 
        be implementation-supplied, or shall be defined in an internal-function-def or 
        declared in a declare-statement occuring in a lower-numbered line, within the same 
        program-unit, than the first reference to that numeric-function.
 5.3.3 Examples 
         2. 3*X - Y-2
           cost*quantity + overhead
         4. 2-(-X)
         5. SQR(X-2+Y-2)
         6. value(X, Y, a$)

                                 - 26 -



5.3.4 Semantics 
      The formation and evaluation of numeric-expressions follows the normal algebraic 
      rules. The symbols circumflex-accent (-), asterisk (6), slant (/), plus-sign (+), and 
      minus-sign (-) represent the operations of exponentiation, multiplication, division, 
      addition, and subtraction or negation, respectively. Unless parenthesis dictate 
      otherwise, exponen-tiations shall be performed first, then multiplications and 
      divisions, and finally additions, subtractions, and negations. In the absence of 
      parenthesis, operations of the same precedence shall be evaluated from left to right. 
      Thus A-B-C shall be interpreted as (A-B)-C; A-B-C, as (A-B)-C; A/B/C, as (A/B)/C;
      -A+B as (-A)+B; and -A-B as -(A-B).
      If an underfloor occurs in the evaluation of a numeric-expression, then the value 
      generated by the operation which resulted in the underflow shall be replaced by zero.
      For those mathematical operators which are associative, commutative, or both, full 
      use of these properties may be made in order to revise the order of evaluation of the 
      numeric-expression except where constrained by the use of parenthesis.
      0-0 is defined to be 1.
      A numeric-function-ref is a notation for the invocation of a predefined algorithm, 
      into which the argument values, if any, shall be substituted for the parameters (see 
      5.4, 6.4 and 9.1) used in the function-definition. The result of evaluating a 
      numeric-function, achieved by the execution of the defining algorithm, shall be a 
      scalar numeric value which replaces the numeric-function-ref in the numeric- 
      expression.
5.3.5 Exceptions 
      - Evaluation of a numeric-expression results in division by zero (3001, fatal).
      - Evaluation of a numeric-expression results in an overflow (1002, fatal).
      - Evaluation of the operation of exponentiation results in a negative number being 
        raised to a non-integral power (3002, fatal).
      - Evaluation of the operation of exponentiation results in zero being raised to a
        negative power (3003, fatal).
5.3.6 Remarks 
      The accuracy with which the evaluation of a numeric expression takes place may vary 
      from implementation to implementation, subject to the constraints of 5.6.
      It is recommended that implementations report underfloor as an exception (1502, 
      nonfatal: replace by zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementation, this permits 
      interception by exception handlers.
      Implementations may evaluate primaries and operations within a numeric-expression in 
      any order which is consistent with the semantics of 5.3.4. Of course, an operation 
      must be evaluated after its operands. For example, in the expression "A+B+C+D*E", the 
      primaries and additions may be evaluated in any order. However, the multiplication 
      must be performed before the addition implied by the third plus-sign, since the 
      product "D6E" is one of the operands of that addition.
5.4 Implementation-Supplied Numeric Functions 
5.4.1 General Description
      Predefined algorithms are supplied by the implementation for the evaluation of 
      commonly used numeric functions. Additional functions related to other features of 
      this Standard are defined in 6.4, 7.1 and 7.2.

                                  - 27 -



5.4.2 Syntax
       1. numeric-supplied-function > ABS / ACOS / ANGLE / ASIN / ATN / CEIL / COS / COSH / 
                                COT / CSC / DATE / DEG / EPS / EXP / FP /
                                MAXNUM / INT / IP / LOG / LOG10 / LOG2 / MAX / 
                                MIN / MOD / PI / RAD / REMAINDER / RND /
                                ROUND / SEC / SGN / SIN / SINH / SQR / TAN /
                                TANH / TIME / TRUNCATE
       2. randomize-statement = RANDOMIZE
5.4.3 Examples 
      2. RANDOMIZE 
5.4.4 Semantics 
      The values of the numeric-supplied functions, as well as the number of arguments 
      required for each function, shall be as described below. In all cases, X and Y stand 
      for numeric-expressions, and N stands for an index, i.e., the rounded integer value 
      of a numeric-expression. Each function accepts numeric arguments within the range of 
      the negative number with the largest magnitude to the largest positive number, except 
      where noted. For functions which return a value in angle measure (ACOS, ANGLE, ASIN 
      and ATN), the value shall be in radians unless OPTION ANGLE DEGREES is in effect (see 
      5.6), when the value shall be in degrees. In the semantics below, "pi" (lower-case) 
      stands for the true value of that constant.
      Function
           Function value
      ABS(X)
           The absolute value of X. 
      ACOS(X)
           The arccosine of X in radians or degrees (see 5.6), where 0 5 ACOS(X) 5 pi; X 
           shall be in the range -1 5 X 5 1.
      ANGLE(X, Y)
           The angle in radians or degrees (see 5.6) between the positive x-axis and the 
           vector joining the origin to the point with coordinates (X, Y), where -pi < 
           ANGLE(X, Y) 5. pi. X and Y must not both be O. Note that counterclockwise is 
           positive, e.g., ANGLE(1,1) = 45 degrees.
      ASIN(X)
           The arcsine of X in radians or degrees (see 5.6), where -pi/2 5 ASIN(X) 5 
           pi/2; X shall be in the range -1 5. X 5 1.
      ATN(X)
           The arctangent of X in radians or degrees (see 5.6), i.e., the angle whose 
           tangent is X, where -(pi/2) < ATN(X) < (pi/2).
      CEIL(X)
           The smallest integer not less than X.
      COS(X)
           The cosine of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
      COSH(X)
           The hyperbolic cosine of X.

                            - 28 -



COT(X)
     The cotangent of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
CSC(X)
     The cosecant of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
DATE
     The current date in decimal form YYDDD, where YY are the last two digits of 
     the year and DDD is the ordinal number of the current day of the year; e.g., 
     the value of DATE on May 9, 1977 was 77129. If there is no calendar 
     available, then the value of DATE shall be -1.
DEG(X)
     The number of degrees in X radians.
EPS(X)
     The maximum of (X-X', X"-X, sigma) where X' and X" are the predecessor and 
     successor of X and sigma is the smallest positive value representable.If X 
     has no predecessor then X'=X and if X has no successor then X"=X". Note 
     EPS(0) is the smallest positive number representable by the implementation, 
     and is therefore implementation-defined. Note also that PS may produce 
     different results for different arithmetic options (see 5.6).
EXP(X)
     The exponential of X, i.e., the value of the base of natural logarithms 
     (e = 2.71828...) raised to the power X; if EXP(X) is less than machine 
     infinitesimal, then its value shall be replaced by zero.
FP(X)
     The fractional part of X, i.e., X - IP(X).
INT(X)
     The largest integer not greater than X; e.g., INT(1.3)=1 and INT(-1.3)=-2.
IP(X)
     The integer part of X, i.e., SGN(X)"CINT(ABS(X)).
LOG(X)
     The natural logarithm of X; X shall be greater than zero. 
LOG10(X)
     The common logarithm of X; X shall be greater than zero. 
LOG2(X)
     The base 2 logarithm of X; X shall be greater than zero. 
MAX(X, Y)
     The larger (algebraically) of X and Y.
MAXNUM
     The largest finite positive number representable and manipulable by the 
     implementation; implementation-defined. MAXNUM may represent different 
     numbers for different arithmetic options (see 5.6).

                            - 29 -



MIN(X, Y)
     The smaller (algebraically) of X and Y.
MOD(X, Y)
     X modulo Y, i.e., X-Y*INT(X/Y). Y shall not equal zero.
PI
     The constant 3.14159... which is the ratio of the circumference of a circle 
     to its diameter.
RAD(X)
     The number of radians in X degrees.
REMAINDER(X, Y)
     The remainder function, i.e., X-Y*IP(X/Y). Y shall not equal zero.
RND
     The next pseudo-random number in an implementation-defined sequence of 
     pseudo-random numbers uniformly distributed in the range 0 RND < 1.
ROUND(X, N)
     The value of X rounded to N decimal digits to the right of the decimal point 
     (or -N digits to the left if N < 0); i.e., INT(X*10-N+.5)/10-N.
SEC(X)
     The secant of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
SGN(X)
     The sign of X: -1 if X < 0, 0 if X = 0, and +1 if X > O.
SIN(X)
     The sine of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
SINH(X)
     The hyperbolic sine of X.
SQR(X)
     The non-negative square root of X; X shall be non-negative.
TAN(X)
     The tangent of X, where X is in radians or degrees (see 5.6).
TANH(X)
     The hyperbolic tangent of X.
TIME
     The time elapsed since the previous midnight, expressed in seconds; e.g., the 
     value of TIME at 11:15 AM is 40500. If there is no clock available, then the 
     value of TIME shall be -1. The value of TIME at midnight shall be zero (not 
     86400).
TRUNCATE(X, N)
     The value of X truncated to N decimal digits to the right of the decimal 
     point (or -N digits to the left if N < 0); i.e., IP(X*10-N)/10-N.

                                           - 30 -



        If OPTION ANGLE DEGREES is in effect, the term "in radians or degrees" in the above 
        list of function values shall mean degrees. If OPTION ANGLE RADIANS is in effect, the 
        term "in radians or degrees" shall mean radians. The accuracy requirements (see 
        5.6.4) for the periodic trigonometric functions SIN, COS, TAN, SEC, CSC, COT are 
        limited to providing full accuracy of m+1 decimal digits only for arguments n the 
        range of -2*pi to 26pi. Loss of accuracy outside this range is limited to the result 
        of loss of precision in performing those range reductions on arguments necessary to 
        compute values of these functions, i.e., "SIN (x)" may be evaluated as if it were 
        written "SIN (MOD (x, 2*pi))" and similarly for the other functions.
        If no randomize-statement is executed, then the RND function shall generate the same 
        sequence of pseudo-random numbers each time a program is run. Execution of a 
        randomize-statement shall override this implementation-supplied sequence of pseudo- 
        random numbers, generating a new (and unpredictable) starting point for the list of 
        pseudo-random numbers used subsequently by the RND function. The sequence of pseudo- 
        random numbers shall be global to the entire program, not local to individual 
        program-units.
5.4.5 Exceptions 
        - The value of the argument of the LOG, LOG10, or LOG2 function is zero or negative 
          (3004, fatal).
        - The value of the argument of the SQR function is negative (3005, fatal).
        - The magnitude of the value of a numeric-supplied-function is larger than MAXNUM or 
          is mathematical infinity (1003, fatal).
        - The value of the second argument of the MOD or REMAINDER function is zero (3006, 
          fatal).
        - The value of the argument of the ACOS or ASIN function is less than -1 or greater
          than 1 (3007, fatal).
        - An attempt is made to evaluate ANGLE(0,0) (3008, fatal). 
5.4.6 Remarks 
        In the case of implementations which do not have access to a randomizing device such 
        as a real-time clock, the randomize-statement may be implemented by means of an 
        interaction with the user.
        This Standard requires that overflows be reported only for the final values of 
        numeric-supplied-functions; exceptions which occur in the evaluation of these 
        functions need not be reported, though implementations shall take appropriate actions 
        in the event of such exceptions to insure the accuracy of the final values. When 
        overflows are reported for the final values of numeric-supplied-functions, it is 
        recommended that the name of the function generating the overflow be reported also.
        It is recommended that, if the magnitude of the value of a numeric-supplied-function 
        is nonzero, but less than machine infinitesimal, implementations report this as an 
        underflow, set the value to zero (1503, nonfatal: return zero and continue). In 
        BASIC-2 implementations, this permits interception by exception handlers.
        The time-zone used for DATE and TIME is implementation-defined.
        It may not be possible, for reasons of overflow, to express the year in full format 
        in DATE. When this full format is needed, the function DATE$ should be used.

                                     - 31 -




5.5 Numeric Assignment Statement 
 5.5.1 General Description
       A let-statement provides for the simultaneous assignment of the computed value of a 
       numeric-expression to a list of numeric-variables.
 5.5.2 Syntax
        1. let-statement         > numeric-let-statement
        2. numeric-let-statement = LET numeric-variable-list equals-sign 
                                  numeric-expression
        3. numeric-variable-list = numeric-variable (comma numeric-variable)*
 5.5.3 Examples 
        2. LET P = 3.14159
           LET A(X,3) = SIN(X)*Y + 1 
           LET A, Y(1), Z = I+1
           LET T(I,J), I, J = I + J
 5.5.4 Semantics 
       The subscripts, if any, of variables in the numeric-variable-list shall be evaluated 
       in sequence from left to right. Next the numeric-expression on the right of the 
       equals-sign shall be evaluated (see 5.3). Finally, the value of that numeric- 
       expression, if necessary rounded to the nearest value which can be retained by the 
       variable, shall be assigned to the numeric-variables in the numeric-variable-list in 
       order from left to right.
 5.5.5 Exceptions 
       None.
 5.5.6 Remarks 
       Note that:                 LET A = 1
                                  LET A, B(A) = 2
       is not equivalent to:      LET A = 1 
                                  LET A = 2 
                                  LET B(A) = 2
5.6 Numeric Arithmetic and Angle 
 5.6.1 General Description
       Unless specified otherwise, the values of all numeric-variables shall behave 
       logically as floating-point decimal numbers with an implementation-defined precision 
       of at least ten decimal digits. By use of an option-statement, a program may choose 
       to take advantage of a more efficient, but possibly less accurate, representation for 
       numeric values.
       Unless specified otherwise the trigonometric functions (see 5.4) require arguments or 
       generate values in radian measure. By use of an option-statement, a program may 
       change the angle measure of all such functions to degrees.
 5.6.2 Syntax
        1. option-statement      = OPTION option-list
        2. option-list           = option (comma option)*
        3. option                > ARITHMETIC (DECIMAL / NATIVE / FIXED) / ANGLE 
                                  (DEGREES / RADIANS)

                                          - 32 -



         4. declare-statement        = DECLARE type-declaration
         5. type-declaration         > numeric-type
         6. numeric-type             > NUMERIC numeric-declaration (comma 
                                       numeric-declaration)*
         7. numeric-declaration      > simple-numeric-variable
        An option-statement with an ARITHMETIC option, if present at all, shall occur in a 
        lower-numbered line than any numeric-expression, or a dimension-statement or a 
        declare-statement referencing a numeric-array or fixed-declaration in the same 
        program-unit.
        The option ARITHMETIC FIXED is relevant only to BASIC-2.
        A program-unit shall contain at most one ARITHMETIC option.
        An ANGLE option, if present at all, shall occur in a lower-numbered line than any 
        reference to any numeric-supplied-function in the same program-unit.
        A program-unit shall contain at most one ANGLE option.
        A declare-statement, if present at all, must occur in a lower-numbered line than any 
        reference to the variables declared therein.
5.6.3 Examples 
         1. OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL, ANGLE DEGREES 
5.6.4 Semantics 
        The ARITHMETIC option controls the logical behavior of numeric entities within the 
        program-unit containing the option.
        If OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL is specified, or if no ARITHMETIC option is specified, 
        then the values of the numeric-variables shall behave logically as decimal floating- 
        point numbers, with an implementation-defined precision, say m, of at least ten 
        significant decimal digits and with an implementation-defined range of at least 1E-38 
        to 1E+38.
        The results of decimal computations can be described in terms of floating-point 
        decimal intermediate results with at least m+l decimal digits of precision (but may 
        be implemented in some other equivalent fashion). The value of a numeric-variable 
        shall be assumed to be exact. Numeric-constants shall be evaluated accurately to at 
        least m decimal digits of precision. Numeric operations and functions shall also be 
        evaluated accurately to at least m+l decimal digits of precision with respect to the 
        computed value of their operands and arguments (which may themselves be intermediate 
        results). In all cases, the intermediate result of an evaluation shall be represented 
        as a floating-point decimal number with at least m+l decimal digits of precision, 
        thus, when the true result can be expressed as a decimal number with m+l significant 
        digits, the computed result shall be exact. In no case shall the error for evaluation 
        of an individual constant, operation, or function be greater than 5 in the (m+2)nd 
        significant digit. Implementations are free to use any method of numeric evaluation 
        which always yields results whose absolute error (with respect to the true result) is 
        no greater than the absolute error of the results generated by the preceding 
        specification.
        If OPTION ARITHMETIC NATIVE is specified, then the values of numeric variables and 
        constants shall be represented and manipulated in an implementation-defined fashion, 
        with an implementation-defined precision of at least six decimal digits and with an 
        implementation-defined range of at least 2E-38 to 1E+38. Decimal values need not be 
        represented exactly, as long as the error is within the limits of this precision.

                              - 33 -



     The ANGLE option controls the evaluation of the trigonometric functions within the 
     program-unit containing the option. If OPTION ANGLE RADIANS is specified, or if no 
     ANGLE option is specified, then the numeric-supplied-functions COS, COT, CSC, SEC, 
     SIN, and TAN use arguments in radian measure, and the numeric-supplied-functions 
     ACOS, ANGLE, ASIN and ATN generate results in radian measure.
     If OPTION ANGLE DEGREES is specified, then the numeric-supplied-functions COS, COT, 
     CSC, SEC, SIN, and TAN use arguments in degree measure, and the numeric-supplied- 
     functions ACOS, ANGLE, ASIN, and ATN generate results in degree measure.
     If the execution of a program reaches a line containing an option-statement, then it 
     shall proceed to the next line with no further effect.
     A simple-numeric-variable that appears in a numeric-type shall establish that 
     variable as a simple-numeric-variable.
     If execution reaches a line containing a declare-statement, it shall proceed to the 
     next line with no further effect.
5.6.5 Exceptions 
     None.
5.6.6 Remarks 
     The representations chosen for numeric values when OPTION ARITHMETIC NATIVE is 
     specified may be the same as that for OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL.
     No minimum accuracy is specified for the evaluation of numeric expressions and 
     functions when OPTION ARITHMETIC NATIVE has been chosen. However, it is recommended 
     that implementations maintain at least six decimal digits of precision.
     The value 2E-38 is specified for the maximum value of the lower bound of positive 
     numbers to allow an implementation employing the IEC 559 floating point binary 
     arithmetic to be standard conforming.

                 - 34 -

6. STRINGS

                                  - 35 -




6. STRINGS 
   Character strings constitute one of two primitive data types in BASIC (the other is num- 
   bers). Strings consist of arbitrary sequences of characters. Their lengths are variable, 
   not fixed, although a maximum length for a string may be specified. With strings are asso- 
   ciated constants, variables, and implementation-supplied functions, from which expressions 
   can be formed.
6.1 String Constants 
 6.1.1 General Description
       A string-constant is a character string of fixed length enclosed within quotation- 
       marks. A quotation-mark itself may be included in a string-constant by representing 
       it by two adjacent quotation-marks.
 6.1.2 Syntax
        1. constant           > string-constant
        2. string-constant    = quoted-string
        3. quoted-string      = quotation-mark quoted-string-character* 
                                quotation-mark
       The length of a string-constant, i.e., the number of quoted-string-characters con- 
       tained between the quotation-marks, shall be limited only by the implementation- 
       defined maximum number of characters preceding each of end-of-line indicator (i.e., 
       at least 132).
6.1.3 Examples 
       2. "XYZ"
         "1E10"
         "He said, ""Don't""."
6.1.4 Semantics 
       The value of a string-constant shall be the sequence of all quoted-string-characters 
       between the initial and final quotation-marks. The double-quote, when appearing in- 
       side a quoted-string,shall denote a single quotation-mark. Spaces in string- 
       constants, including trailing spaces, shall be significant. A string consisting only 
       of two quotation-marks shall represent the null string. Upper-case-letters and lower- 
       case-letters shall be distinct within string-constants.
6.1.5 Exceptions 
       None.
6.1.6 Remarks
       The maximum length of a string-constant is constrained by the maximum length of a 
       physical line. The maximum length of the constant would therefore be 3 less than that 
       for the line, allowing for a continuation character ("&"), and the leading and trail- 
       ing quotation-mark, e.g.:
       100 LET A$ = &
       &"abc...unseen characters here...xyz"
       As the maximum physical line length must be at least 132, the maximum string-constant 
       length must be at least 129.
6.2 String Variables 
6.2.1 General Description
       String-variables may be either simple-string-variables or references to elements of 
       one-dimensional, two-dimensional, or three-dimensional string-arrays.

                                    - 36 -



      Explicit declarations of simple-string-variables are not required. A dollar-sign 
      serves to distinguish a string-variable from a numeric-variable.
6.2.2 Syntax 
       1. variable              > string-variable 
       2. string-variable       = (simple-string-variable / string-array-element)
                                  substring-qualifier? 
       3. simple-string-variable= string-identifier
       4. string-array-element  = string-array subscript-part
       5. string-array          = string-identifier
       6. substring-qualifier   = left-parenthesis index colon index right-parenthesis
       7. simple-variable       > simple-string-variable
       8. array-name            > string-array
6.2.3 Examples 
      2. K$
         name$(X:Y) 
         ITEM$(l,n)(z:z+5) 
      4. A$(4)
         table$(I,J)
6.2.4 Semantics 
      At any instant in the execution of a program, a string-variable is associated with a 
      single string-value. The value associated with a string-variable may be changed by 
      the execution of statements in the program.
      The length of the character string associated with a string-variable can vary during 
      the execution of a program from a length of zero characters (signifying the null or 
      empty string) to the maximum allowed for that string-variable (see 6.6.4).
      Simple-string-variables may be declared explicitly (see 6.6) or may be declared im- 
      plicitly through their appearance in a program-unit. The scope of a string-variable 
      shall be the program-unit in which it appears, unless it is a parameter of an 
      internal-proc-def, in which case its scope is that definition.
      A string-array element is called a subscripted string-variable and refers to the ele- 
      ment in the one-dimensional, two-dimensional or three-dimensional array selected by 
      the value(s) of the subscript(s). Subscripts shall have values within the appropriate 
      range (see 7.1).
      The substring-qualifier provides a means for specifying a portion of the value asso- 
      ciated with a string-variable. A$(M:N) shall specify that substring of the value as- 
      sociated with A$ from its Mth through Nth characters (M and N are indices).
      Characters in a string shall be numbered from the left starting with one. There are 
      no exceptions associated with substring-qualifiers; if either M or N is not in the 
      range from 1 to LEN(A$), the M shall be considered to be MAX(M,1) and N shall be con- 
      sidered to be MIN(N,LEN(A$)). If M > N, even after this adjustment, then AUM:N) 
      shall be the null string occuring before the Mth character of A$ if M < LEN(A$) or

                                           - 37 -




         the null string immediately following A$ if M > LEN(A$). For example, if A$ = 
         "1.234", then A$(1:1) = "1", A$(1:3) = "123", A$(0:3) = "123", A$(2:5) = "234", 
         A$(3:2) is the null string preceding the third character of A$, and A$(5:7) is the 
         null string following A$. At the initiation of execution the values associated with 
         all string-variables shall be implementation-defined.
 6.2.5 Exceptions 
         - A subscript is not in the range of the declared bounds (2001, fatal).
 6.2.6 Remarks 
         Since initialization of variables is not specified, and hence may vary from implemen- 
         tation to implementation, programs that are intended to be transportable should ex- 
         plicitly assign a value to each variable before any expression involving that vari- 
         able is evacuated.
         There are many commonly used alternatives for associating implementation-defined ini- 
         tial values with variables; it is recommended that all variables be recognizably un- 
         defined in the sense that an exception will result from any attempt to access the 
         value of any variable before that variable is explicitly assigned a value (3102, non- 
         fatal: supply an implementation-defined value and continue).
6.3 String Expressions 
 6.3.1 General Description
         String-expressions are composed of string-variables, string-constants, string- 
         function-references, or a concatenation of these.
 6.3.2 Syntax
          1. expression               > string-expression
          2. string-expression        = string-primary (concatenation string-primary)"
          3. string-primary           = string-constant / string-variable / 
                                        string-function-ref / left-parenthesis 
                                        string-expression right-parenthesis
          4. string-function-ref      = string-function function-arg-list?
          5. string-function          = string-defined-function / string-supplied-function
          6. concatenation            = ampersand
         The number and types of arguments in a string-function-ref shall agree with the num- 
         ber and types of the corresponding parameters specified in the definition of the 
         string-function. An actual-array shall have the same number of dimensions as the cor- 
         responding parameter.
         Each string-function referenced in an expression within a program-unit shall either 
         be implementation-supplied, or shall be defined in an internal-function-def or de- 
         clared in a declare-statement occurring in a lower-numbered line, within the same 
         program-unit, than the first reference to that string-function.
 6 3.3 Examples 
         2. A2$ & B$(4:22) & "223"
         3. X$(1,3)(1:J)
 6.3.4 Semantics 
         The value of a string-expression shall be the concatenation of the values of the 
         string-primaries in the expression (e.g., if A$ = "COME " and B$ = "IN", then A$ & B$ 
         = "COME IN" and B$ & A$ = "INCOME ").

                                       - 38 -



        Within a string-expression, string-primaries shall be evaluated from left to right. 
        For each string-primary, first the subscripts, if any, shall be evaluated, then the 
        substring-qualifiers, and then the value of the primary itself.
        A string-function-ref is a notation for the invocation of a predefined algorithm, 
        into which the argument values, if any, shall be substituted for the parameters (see 
        6.4 and 9.1) used in the function-def. The result of evaluating a string-function, 
        achieved by the execution of the defining algorithm, shall be a scalar string value 
        which replaces the string-function-ref in the string-expression.
 6.3.5 Exception
        - Evaluation of a string-expression causes a string overflow (1051, fatal).
 6.3.6 Remarks 
        The ampersand is used both for concatenation and line-continuation. Thus:
        100 PRINT "ABC" && 
        & "XYZ"
        will print the sequence of characters ABCXYZ. 
6.4 Implementation-Supplied String Functions 
 6.4.1 General Description 
        Predefined algorithms are supplied by the implementation for the evaluation of com- 
        monly used string-valued functions and numeric-valued functions whose arguments are 
        strings.
 6.4.2 Syntax 
         1. string-supplied-function > (CHR / DATE / LCASE / LTRIM / REPEAT / RTRIM / STR / 
                                     TIME / UCASE / USING) dollar-sign
         2. numeric-supplied-function > LEN / ORD / POS / VAL
         3. numeric-function-ref   > MAXLEN left-parenthesis (simple-string-variable / 
                                     string-array) right-parenthesis
 6.4.3 Examples 
        None.
 6.4.4 Semantics 
        The values of the implementation-supplied functions, as well as the number and types 
        of arguments required for each function, are described below. In all cases, M repre- 
        sents an index, i.e., the rounded integer value of some numeric-expression; X stands 
        for a numeric-expression; V$ represents a simple-string-variable or string-array; 
        and A$ and B$ stand for string-expressions.
        Function
              Function value 
        CHR$(M)
              The one-character string consisting of the character occupying ordinal posi- 
              tion M+1 in the collating sequence for the declared character set, i.e., the 
              first character is returned for an argument of zero. M shall be at least zero 
              and less than the number of characters in the declared character set (see 
              table 1). For example, for the standard character set, CHR$(53) = "5", and 
              CHR$(65) = "A". The values of CHR$ for the native character set are 
              implementation-defined.

                                   - 39 -




DATE$
      The date in the string representation "YYYYMMDD" according to ISO 2014. For 
      example, the value of DATE$ on May 9, 1977 was "19770509". If there is no 
      calendar available, then the value of DATE$ shall be "00000000".
LCASE$(A$)
      The string of characters resulting from the value associated with A$ by re-
      placing each upper-case-letter in the string by its lower-case version.
LEN(A$)
      The number of characters in the value associated with A$. Note that LEN("""") 
      = 1, since the value of the string constant consists of precisely one 
      quotation-mark.
LTRIM$(A$)
      The string of characters resulting from the value associated with A$ by 
      deleting all leading space characters.
MAXLEN(V$)
      The maximum length associated with the simple-string-variable or string-array 
      (see 6.6). If there is no effective limit on string length, the value re- 
      turned, shall be MAXNUM.
ORD(A$)
      The ordinal position of the character named by the string associated with A$ 
      in the collating sequence of the declared character set, where the first mem- 
      ber of the character set is in ordinal position zero. The acceptable values 
      of A$ are single characters in the character set and two-character or three- 
      character mnemonics for characters in the character set. Values of A$ with 
      two or more characters shall be treated with upper-case-letters and lower- 
      case-letters equivalent. The acceptable values for the standard character set 
      are shown in Table 1. The acceptable values for the native character set are 
      implementation-defined. For example, for the standard character set, 
      ORD("BS") = 8, ORD("A") = 65, ORD("a") = 97, ORD("5") = 53, ORD("SOH") = 1, 
      ORD("Soh") = 1, and ORD("ABC") causes an exception.
POS(A$,B$)
      The character position, within the value associated with A$, of the first 
      character of the first occurrence of the value associated with B$. If there 
      is no such ocurence, then POS(A$,B$) shall be zero. POS(A$,"") shall be one, 
      for all values of A$.
POS(A$,B$,M)
      The character position, within the value associated with A, of the first 
      character of the first ocurence of the value associated with B$, starting at 
      the Mth character of A$. If the value associated with B$ does not occur 
      within the designated portion of the value associated with A$, or if M is 
      greater than LEN(A$), the value returned is zero. Otherwise, the value re- 
      turned is equivalent to

                                   - 40 -



           LET tempi = MAX(1, MINK LEN(A$) + 1)) 
           LET temp2$ = A$(templ: LEN(A$))
           LET temp3 = POS(temp2$, B$)
              IF temp3 = 0 THEN
              LET POS = 0
              ELSE
              LET POS = temp3 + tempi - 1
           END IF
           For example, if A$ has the value "GRANSTANDING", then POS(A$,"AN",1) = 3, 
           POS(A$,"AN",4) = 8, and POS(A$,"AN",9) = O. POS(A$,"",M) shall be MAX(M,1), 
           as long as M <= LEN(A$).
      REPEATUA$,M)
           The string consisting of M copies of A$; M > O. 
      RTRIM$(A$)
           The string of characters resulting from the value associated with A$ by 
           deleting all trailing space characters.
      sTRS(x)
           The string generated by the print-statement as the numeric-representation of 
           the value associated with X. No leading or triling spaces shall be included 
           in this numeric-representation. For example, STR$(123.5) = "123.5" and 
           STR$(-3.14) = "-3.14".
      TIME$
           The time of day in 24-hour notation according to ISO 3307. For example, the 
           value of TIME$ at 11:15 AM is "11:15:00". If there is no clock available, 
           then the value of TIME$ shall be "99:99:99". The value of TIME$ at midnight 
           is "00:00:00".
      UCASE$(A$)
           The string of characters resulting from the value associated with A$ by re- 
           placing each lower-case-letter in the string by its upper-case version.
      USING(A$,X)
           The string consisting of the formatted representation of X, using A$ as a 
           format-item, according to the semantics of 10.4. The exceptions defined in 
           10.4.5 for formatted output also apply to the USING$ function.
      VAL(A$)
           The value of the numeric-constant associated with A$, if the string associ- 
           ated with A$ is a numeric-constant. Leading and trailing spaces in the string 
           are ignored. If the evaluation of the numeric-constant would result in a 
           value which causes an underflow, then the value returned shall be zero. For 
           example, VAL(" 123.5 ") = 123.5, VAL("2.E-99") could be zero, and 
           VAL("MCMXVII") causes an exception.
6.4.5 Exceptions 
      - The value of the argument of VAL is not a valid numeric-constant (4001, fatal).
      - The value of the argument of VAL is a valid numeric-constant, but evaluating this
        constant results in an overflow (1004, fatal).

                                            - 41 -




         - The value of the argument of CHR$ is not in the appropriate range (4002, fatal).
         -  The value of the argument of ORD is neither a valid single character nor a valid 
           mnemonic (4003, fatal).
         - The value of the second argument of REPEAT$ is not > 0 (4010, fatal). 
 6.4.6 Remarks 
         It is recommended that if the magnitude of the value of the VAL function is less than 
         machine infinitesimal, implementations report this as an exception (1504, nonfatal: 
         replace with zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementations, this permits intercep- 
         tion by exception handlers.
         The time zone used for DATE$ and TIME$ is implementation-defined.
         The effect of the functions UCASE$, and LCASE$ is fully defined only for the ECMA 
         character set as defined in 4.1.4. For other-characters, such as accented letters, 
         the effect is implementation-defined, and may be specified in other national version 
         of this Standard to accommodate the needs of local alphabets.
6.5 String Assignment Statements 
 6.5.1 General Description
         A let-statement provides for the simultaneous assignment of the computed value of a 
         string-expression to a list of string-variables.
 6.5.2 Syntax
          1. let-statement            > string-let-statement
          2. string-let-statement     = LET string-variable-list equals-sign 
                                        string-expression
          3. string-variable-list     = string-variable (comma string-variable)*
 6.5.3 Examples 
         2. LET A$ = "ABC.
            LET A$(I) = B$(3:4)
            LET A$, B$ = "NEGATIVE DISCRIMINANT" 
            LET C$(7:10) = "wxyz"
            LET A$ = "ABCD" &&
            & "XYZ"
 6.5.4 Semantics 
         The subscripts and substring-qualifiers, if any, of variables in the string-variable- 
         list shall be evaluated in sequence from left to right. Next the string-expression on 
         the right of the equals-sign shall be evaluated (see 6.3). Finally, the value of that 
         string-.expression shall be assigned to the string-variables in the string-variable- 
         list in order from left to right.
         When a value is assigned to a string-variable with a substring-qualifier, it shall 
         replace the substring of the value of the string-variable specified by the substring- 
         qualifier. The length of the value of the string-variable may change as a result of 
         this replacement. For example, if A$ = "1234", then assigning "32" to A$(2:3) results 
         in "1324", assigning "" to A$(2:3) results in "14", assigning A$(1:2) to A$(2:3) re- 
         sults in "1124", and assigning "5" to A$(2:1) results in "15234".
 6.5.5 Exceptions 
         -  The assignment of a value to a string-variable causes a string overflow (1106, 
           fatal).

                                  - 42 -



 6.5.6 Remarks 
      The order of assignment of values to string-variables in the string-variable-list is 
      important in statements such as
      LET A$(1:2), A$(2:3) = "X"
      where different order of assignment may produce different results. 
6.6 String Declarations 
 6.6.1 General Description
      An option-statement may be used to define an ordering on the set of all string char- 
      acters.
      A declare-statement may be used to set a maximum length for specified string- 
      variables in a program-unit.
 6.6.2 Syntax 
       1. option              > COLLATE (NATIVE / STANDARD)
       2. type-declaration    > string-type
       3. string-type         = STRING length-max? string-declaration (comma 
                                string-declaration)*
       4. length-max          = asterisk integer
       5. string-declaration  > simple-string-declaration
       6. simple-string-declaration = simple-string-variable length-max?
      An option-statement with a COLLATE option, if present at all, shall occur in a lower- 
      numbered line than any string-expression, or a dimension-statement or declare- 
      statement referencing a string-array or string-variable within the same program-unit. 
      A program-unit shall contain at most one COLLATE option.
      No simple-string-variable shall be declared more than once in a program-unit. A 
      simple-string-variable which is a formal-parameter or a parameter shall not occur in 
      a declare-statement.
 6.6.3 Examples 
      1. COLLATE NATIVE
      3. STRING68 last_name$*20, first_name$, middle_name$
 6.6.4 Semantics 
      The COLLATE option identifies the collating sequence to be used within a program-unit 
      for comparing strings (see 8.1) and for computing values of the CHR$ and ORD func- 
      tions (see 6.4). OPTION COLLATE NATIVE specifies that the native collating sequence 
      of the host system shall be used. OPTION COLLATE STANDARD specifies that the collat- 
      ing sequence shall correspond to the order of the characters in Table 1. If no 
      COLLATE option appears in a program-unit then the STANDARD collating sequence shall 
      be used within that program-unit.
      Simple-string-variables whose string-identifiers appear in string-types may have a 
      maximum length less than or equal to the implementation-defined default value. The 
      maximum is determined, in descending order of precedence, from:
      - the length-max in the string-declaration for that variable;
      -  the length-max in the string-type of the declare-statement containing that 
        variable, or
      - the implementation-defined default.
      The length-max guarantees that string values up to that length may be stored in the 
      variable and that an attempt to store a longer value will cause a string overflow ex-

                   - 43 -




   ception. The implementation-defined maximum string length default shall be at least 
   13 characters.
   A length-max of 0 in a string-type shall establish the associated string-variable as 
   having a maximum length of zero; i.e., the null string.
6.6.5 Exceptions
   None.
6.6.6 Remarks 
   The native collating sequence may be the standard collating sequence.
   The COLLATE option may be extended, on national versions of this Standard, to 
   accommodate specific needs of local alphabets.

           - 44 -

7. ARRAYS

                                        - 45 -




7. ARRAYS 
    Arrays are indexed collections of numbers or strings. Array elements can be manipulated by 
    scalar numeric and string operations (see 5 and 6). In addition, entire arrays may be ma- 
    nipulated by matrix statements.
 7.1 Array Declarations 
  7.1.1 General Description 
         An option in the option-statement may be used to define the lower bound for all array 
         subscripts within a program-unit which are not explicitly stated. By use of an 
         option-statement the subscripts of all such arrays may be declared to have a lower 
         bound of zero or one; if no such declaration occurs, the lower bound shall be one.
         Arrays may have one, two, or three dimensions. The number of dimensions and subscript 
         bounds for each dimension are declared in the declare-statement or dimension- 
         statement. All array-names, except those appearing in a function-parm-list or a 
         procedure-parm-list, must be declared in one and only one such statement. If not ex- 
         plicitly declared, the lower subscript bound for a given dimension is one or zero, 
         depending on the BASE option. Upper bounds must always be explicitly declared.
         A one-dimensional array with subscripts 1 to 10 or 1980 to 1989 or -9 to 0 contains 
         10 elements. A two-dimensional array with subscript bounds 1 to 10 for each dimension 
         contains 100 elements. Similarly, a three-dimensional array with subscript-bounds 1 
         to 10 for each dimension contains 1000 elements.
         A declare-statement can be used to dimension numeric-arrays as well as to declare 
         maximum lengths for string-variables and string-arrays, and to dimension string- 
         arrays. A dimension-statement can be used to dimension arrays, but not to declare the 
         maximum length of strings in string-arrays.
  7.1.2 Syntax
         1. dimension-statement      DIM dimension-list
         2. dimension-list           array-declaration (comma array-declaration)* 
         3. array-declaration        numeric-array-declaration / string-array-declaration 
         4. numeric-array-declarationnumeric-array bounds
         5. bounds                   left-parenthesis bounds-range (comma bounds-range)* 
                                     right-parenthesis
         6. bounds-range             signed-integer TO signed-integer / signed-integer 
         7. signed-integer           sign? integer
         8. string-array-declaration string-array bounds
         9. option                   BASE ( 0 / 1 )
         10. string-declaration      string-array-declaration length-max? 
         11. numeric-declaration     numeric-array-declaration
         12. numeric-function-ref    MAXSIZE maxsize-argument / SIZE bound-argument / 
                                     LBOUND bound-argument / UBOUND bound-argument 
         13. maxsize-argument        left-parenthesis actual-array right-parenthesis 
         14. bound-argument          left-parenthesis actual-array (comma index)? 
                                     right-parenthesis
         The number of bounds-ranges in "bounds" shall be one, two or three.
         An array which is named as a formal-array of a defined-function, a subprogram or a 
         program shall not be declared in a declare-statement or dimension-statement (since 
         the formal-array in the function-parm-list or procedure-parm-list serves as its dec- 
         laration). Any other array shall be declared in a lower numbered line than any 
         reference to that array or one of its elements. Any reference to an array and its el- 
         ements must agree in dimensionality with the declaration of that array in a declare- 
         statement, a dimension-statement, or as a function-parameter or procedure-parameter.

                   - 46 -




   No numeric-array or string-array shall be dimensioned or declared more than once in a 
   program-unit.
   If the optional lower bound (the first signed-integer) is included in the bounds- 
   range, it shall be less than or equal to the upper bound (the second signed-integer).
   If the lower bound is not specified, then the upper bound must not be less than the 
   default lower bound, which may be zero or one, depending on the BASE option.
   An option-statement with a BASE option, if present at all, shall occur in a lower- 
   numbered line than any declare-statement or dimension-statement or any MAT statement 
   that uses a numeric-array-value in the same program-unit. A program-unit shall con- 
   tain at most one BASE option.
   If a bound-argument does not specify an index, the actual-array must be declared as 
   one-dimensional.
7.1.3 Examples 
    1. DIM A(6), B(10,10), B$(100), D(1 TO 5, 1980 TO 1989)
     DIM A$(4,4), C(-5 TO 10)
   10. A$(3 TO 21) * 8
   12. SIZE(A,1) 
     SIZE(B$,2) 
     SIZE(X)
     LBOUND(A) 
     UBOUND(C$,2)
7.1.4 Semantics 
   Each array-declaration declares the named array to be either one-dimensional, two- 
   dimensional, or three-dimensional, according to whether one, two, or three bounds- 
   ranges are specified in the bounds for the array. In addition, the bounds specify the 
   maximum and optionally minimum values that subscripts for the array shall have. If a 
   minimum subscript is not explicitly declared and no BASE option occurs within the 
   program-unit, then it shall be implicitly declared to be one.
   The BASE option in an option-statement is local to the program-unit in which it oc- 
   curs and declares the minimum value for all array subscripts in that program-unit 
   which are not explicitly declared.
   If the execution of a program reaches a line containing a dimension-statement, then 
   it shall proceed to the next line with no further effect.
   String-array-declarations appearing in a string-declaration may include a length-max, 
   which sets the maximum length of each element of the string-array. As with simple- 
   string-variables, if there is no length-max in the string-declaration, then the 
   length-max, if any, of the string-type takes effect. If there is no length-max in ei- 
   ther, then the implementation-defined length-max, if any, shall take effect.
   The value of SIZE(A,N) where A is an actual-array and N is an index, shall be the 
   current number or permissible values for the Nth subscript of the array named by A 
   (the value of N is rounded to the nearest integer, and the subscripts of A are in- 
   dexed from left to right, starting at one). The value of SIZE(A) shall be the current 
   number of elements in the entire array A.
   The value of MAXSIZE(A) shall be the total number of elements of the entire array 
   named by A permitted by the array-declaration.
   The value of LBOUND(A,N), where A is an actual-array and N is an index, shall be the 
   current minimum value allowed for the Nth subscript of the array named by A. The 
   value of UBOUND(A,N) shall be the current maximum value allowed for the Nth subscript 
   of array A. As in the SIZE function, the value of N is rounded to the nearest inte-

                                       - 47 -




        ger, and the subscripts of array A are indexed from left to right, starting at one. 
        The LBOUND and UBOUND functions may be called with a single arguments provided that 
        arguments is a vector, in which case the value of LBOUND and UBOUND are the current 
        minimum and maximum values allowed for the subscript of the vector. (Here, and in the 
        following sections, the word "vector" shall mean a "one-dimensional array" and the 
        word "matrix" shall mean a "two-dimensional array").
 7.1.5 Exceptions 
        - The value of the index in a SIZE reference is less than one or greater than the 
          number of dimensions in the array (4004, fatal).
        - The value of the index in an LBOUND reference is less than one or greater than the 
          number of dimensions in the array (4008, fatal).
        - The value of the index in a UBOUND reference is less than one or greater than the 
          number of dimensions in the array (4009, fatal).
 7.1.6 Remarks 
        The dimension statement is retained for compatibility with Minimal BASIC. All its ca- 
        pabilities are included within the declare-statement.
        If an implementation supports more than three dimensions, SIZE, LBOUND, and UBOUND 
        should work for those extra dimensions, and an exception should be generated only 
        when an attempt is made to inquire about a dimension beyond those declared.
7.2 Numeric Arrays 
 7.2.1 General Description
        Numeric-arrays in BASIC may be manipulated element by element. However, it is often 
        more convenient to regard numeric-arrays as entities rather than as indexed collec- 
        tions of entities, and to manipulate the entire entity at once. BASIC provides a num- 
        ber of standard operations to facilitate such manipulations.
 7.2.2 Syntax
        1. array-assignment       > numeric-array-assignment
        2. numeric-array-assignment = MAT numeric-array equals-sign 
                                    numeric-array-expression
        3. numeric-array-expression (numeric-array numeric-array-operator)? numeric-array 
                                    / scalar-multiplier numeric-array / 
                                    numeric-array-value /
                                    numeric-array-function-ref
        4. numeric-array-operator = sign / asterisk
        5. scalar-multiplier      = primary asterisk
        6 numeric-array-value     > scalar-multiplier? (CON / IDN / ZER) redim?
        7. redim                  = left-parenthesis redim-bounds (comma redim-bounds)* 
                                    right-parenthesis
        8. redim-bounds           = (index TO)? index
        9 numeric-array-function-ref= (TRN / INV) left-parenthesis numeric-array
                                    right-parenthesis
        10. numeric-function-ref  > DET (left-parenthesis numeric-array
                                    right-parenthesis) / DOT left-parenthesis 
                                    numeric-array comma numeric-array
                                    right-parenthesis
        The number of redim-bounds in a redim shall be one, two, or three.
        A numeric-array being assigned a value by a numeric-array-assignment shall have the 
        same number of dimensions as the value of the numeric-array-expression.

                                   - 48 -



      The numeric-arrays in a numeric-function-ref involving DOT shall be one-dimensional. 
      There must be no more than two redim-bounds following IDN.
      The numeric-arrays in a sum or difference shall have the same number of dimensions. 
      The numeric-array serving as the argument of DET, INV or TRN shall be two- 
      dimensional.
      The numeric-arrays serving as operands for the numeric-array-operator asterisk 
      (matrix multiply) shall be either one-dimensional or two-dimensional, and at least 
      one of them shall be two-dimensional.
7.2.3 Examples 
      In the following examples A, B and C are doubly-subscripted numeric-arrays, X, Y, and 
      Z are singly-subscripted numeric-arrays, and W is a numeric-expression.
       2. MAT A = B       MAT X = Y
         MAT A = B + C    MAT X = Y - Z 
         MAT A = B*C      MAT X = A*Y        MAT X = Y*A
         MAT A = W * B    MAT X = W * CON
         MAT A = ZER(4,3) MAT X = ZER 
         MAT A = INV(B)   MAT A = TRN(B) 
      10. DET(B)          DOT(X, Y)
7.2.4 Semantics 
      Array Assignments and Redimensioning
      Execution of a numeric-array-assignment shall cause the numeric-array-expression to 
      be evaluated and its value assigned to the array named to the left of the equals- 
      sign. If necessary, this array shall have its size changed dynamically; i.e., its 
      number of dimensions shall be unchanged, but its size in each dimension shall be 
      changed to conform to the size of the array which is the value of the numeric-array- 
      expression.
      When the size of a numeric-array is changed dynamically, the current upper bounds for 
      its subscripts shall be changed to conform to the new sizes. That is,
           new_lower_bound = old_lower_bound 
           new_upper_bound = old_lower_bound + new_size - 1
      The new sizes need not individually be less than or equal to the sizes determined in 
      the array-declaration for that numeric-array, as long as the new total number of ele- 
      ments for the numeric-array does not exceed the total number of elements determined 
      by the array-declaration for that array.
      Array Expression
      The evaluation of numeric-array-expressions shall follow the normal rules of matrix 
      algebra. The symbols asterisk (C), plus (+), and minus (-) shall represent the opera- 
      tions of multiplication, addition, and subtraction respectively.
      The dimensions of numeric-arrays in numeric-array-expressions shall conform to the 
      rules of matrix algebra. The numeric-arrays in a sum or difference shall have the 
      same sizes in each dimension. The numeric-arrays in a product shall have sizes L x M 
      and M x N for some L, M and N (in which case the product shall have size L x N), or 
      an M element vector and a size M x N matrix (in which case the product shall be an N 
      element vector), or a size L x M matrix and an M element vector (in which case the 
      product shall be an L element vector). All elements in a numeric-array shall be used 
      when evaluating a numeric-array-expression; i.e., each numeric-array shall be treated 
      as an entity.

                                 - 49 -




      When a scalar-multiplier is present in a numeric-array-expression, the primary shall 
      be evaluated, and then each element of the numeric-array shall be multiplied by this 
      value.
      If an underflow occurs in the evaluation of a numeric-array-expression, then the 
      value generated by the operation which resulted in the underflow shall be replaced by 
      zero.
      Array Values 
      Numeric-array-values shall be assigned to the numeric-array on the left of the equals 
      sign. If no redim is present, the size of the numeric-array generated shall be the 
      same as the size of the numeric-array to which it is to be assigned. If a redim is 
      present, a numeric-array of the dimensions specified shall be generated, and the 
      numeric-array to which it is assigned shall be redimensioned as described above. In a 
      redim-bounds, the values of the indices are the lower and upper bounds of the corre- 
      sponding dimension in the associated array-value. If the redim-bounds consists of a 
      single index, its value shall be the upper bound, and the lower bound shall be the 
      current default lower bound in effect. If a redim is used with the IDN constant, then 
      it shall produce a square matrix; i.e., the number of rows shall equal the number of 
      columns. If a redim is not used with the IDN constant, the numeric-array being as- 
      signed to shall be square.
      The ZER constant shall generate a numeric-array, all of whose elements are zero. The 
      CON constant shall generate a numeric-array, all of whose elements are one. The IDN 
      constant shall generate an identity matrix, i.e., a square matrix with ones on the 
      main diagonal and zeros elsewhere. If only one redim-bounds is used with IDN, then 
      the effect is just as if that redim-bounds had been specified twice.
      If a scalar-multiplier is used with an IDN, ZER or CON constant, then the primary 
      (see 5.3) is evaluated and each non-zero element of the IDN, ZER or CON constant is 
      replaced by the value of the primary.
      Array Functions 
      The function TRN shall produce the transpose of its argument. An N x M matrix is re- 
      turned for an M x N argument.
      The function INV shall produce the inverse of its argument. The argument must be a 
      square matrix.
      The function DET shall return the determinant of its argument. The argument must be a 
      square matrix.
      The value of DOT(X, Y) shall result in a scalar value, which is the result of the in- 
      ner product multiplication of the one-dimensional numeric-vectors X and Y.
7.2.5 Exceptions 
      - The sizes of numeric-arrays in a numeric-array-expression do not conform to the
        rules of matrix algebra (6001, fatal).
      - The total number of elements required for a redimensioned array exceeds the number 
        of elements reserved by the array's original dimensions (5001, fatal).
      - The first index in a redim-bounds is greater than the second (6005, fatal).
      - A redim-bounds consists of a single index which is less than the default lower 
        bound in effect (6005, fatal).
      - The redim following IDN does not specify a square matrix, or no redim is present 
        and the receiving matrix is not square (6004,fatal).
      - The argument of the DET function is not a square numeric matrix (6002, fatal).

                                                   - 50 -




         - The argument of the INV function is not a square numeric matrix (6003, fatal). 
         - Evaluation of a numeric-array-expression results in an overflow (1005, fatal).
         - Evaluation of DET or DOT results in an overflow (1009, fatal).
         - Application of INV to a singular matrix, or loss of all significant digits (3009, 
            fatal).
 7.2.6 Remarks 
         It is recommended that implementations report underflow as an exception (1505, nonfa- 
         tal: replace by zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementation, this permits intercep- 
         tion by exception handlers.
7.3 String Arrays 
 7.3.1 General Description 
         As with numeric-arrays, string-arrays may be regarded as entities rather than as in- 
         dexed collections of entities. BASIC provides the ability to concatenate and assign 
         entire arrays of strings.
 7.3.2 Syntax
           1. array-assignment              > string-array-assignment
           2. string-array-assignment = MAT string-array substring-qualifier? equals-sign 
                                               string-array-expression
           3. String-array-expression = string-array-primary (concatenation 
                                               string-array-primary)? / string-primary 
                                               concatenation string-array-primary / 
                                               string-array-primary concatena-tion 
                                               string-primary / string-array-value
           4. string-array-primary          = string-array substring-qualifier?
           5. string-array-value            = (string-primary concatenation)? NUL dollar-sign 
                                               redim?
         A string-array being assigned a value by a string-array-assignment shall have the 
         same number of dimensions as the value of the string-array-expression.
         Two string-arrays being concatenated shall have the same number of dimensions. 
 7 3.3 Examples 
         2. MAT A$ = A$ & B$
             MAT A$ = NUL$(5,6)
             MAT A$ = ("Number") & B$ 
             MAT A$(4:6) = (" ") & B$
 7.3.4 Semantics 
         Execution of a string-array-assignment shall cause the string-array-expression to be 
         evaluated and its value assigned to the array named to the left of the equals-sign. 
         If appropriate, this array shall have its size changed dynamically; i.e., its number 
         of dimensions shall be unchanged, but its size in each dimension shall be changed to 
         conform to the size of the array which is the value of the string-array-expression.
         When the size of a string-array is changed dynamically, the current upper bounds for 
         its subscripts shall be changed to conform to the new sizes. That is,
         new_lower_bound = old_lower_bound 
         new_upper_bound = old_lower_bound + new_size - 1
         The new sizes need not individually be less than or equal to the sizes determined in 
         the string-array-declaration for that string-array, as long as the new total number

                                      - 51 -




      of elements for the string-array does not exceed the total number of elements deter- 
      mined by the array-declaration for that array.
      When a string-array on the left of a string-array-assignment has a substring- 
      qualifier, the assignment to each element of the string-array shall replace the sub- 
      string of the value of each element specified by the substring-qualifier. The 
      substring-qualifier on the left shall be evaluated before the string-array- 
      expression.
      String-array-expressions involve the operations of concatenation and substring ex- 
      traction. Two string-arrays being concatenated shall have the same size in each di- 
      mension; the concatenation shall be performed element by element. When concatenation 
      is by scalar, this scalar shall be prefixed or suffixed, as appropriate, to every el- 
      ement of the string-array. When a substring-qualifier is applied to a string-array, 
      then the specified substring shall be extracted from each element in the array.
      The order of evaluation and assignment shall be as follows:
      - evaluate the substring-qualifiers in the string-array on the left;
      - evaluate the string-array-expression from left to right, by evaluating each 
        string-primary or string-array-primary as follows: evaluate first the subscripts, 
        if any, then the substring qualifiers, and then the value of the primary itself;
      - concatenate; 
      - make the assignment.
      The string-array-value NUL$ is an array all of whose elements are the null string. If 
      a redim is not present, the size of the string-array generated shall be the same as 
      the size of the string-array to which it is to be assigned. If a redim is present, a 
      string-array of the dimensions specified shall be generated and the string-array to 
      which it is assigned shall be redimensioned as described above. The rules in 7.2.4 
      for redims with numeric-array-values apply to NUL$ as well.
7.3.5 Exceptions 
      - The arrays in a string-array-expression have different sizes (6101, fatal).
      - The first index in a redim-bounds is greater than the second (6005, fatal).
      - A redim-bounds consists of a single index which is less than the default lower 
        bound in effect (6005, fatal).
      - The total number of elements required for a redimensioned array exceeds the number 
        of elements reserved by the array's original dimensions (5001, fatal).
      - Evaluation of a string-array-expression results in a string overflow (1052, fatal).
      - Assignment of a value to a string-array causes a string overflow (1106, fatal). 
7.3.6 Remarks 
      None.

                   - 52 -

8. CONTROL STRUCTURES

                                  - 53 -




8. CONTROL STRUCTURES 
   Control structures govern the order of execution of lines in a program, both by statements 
   which make explicit reference to line-numbers and also by explicitly-constructed loops and 
   decision mechanisms which make no reference to line-numbers.
8.1 Relational Expressions 
 8.1.1 General Description
       Relational-expressions enable the values of expressions to be compared in order to 
       influence the flow of control in a program.
 8.1.2 Syntax
        1. relational-expression= disjunction
        2. disjunction          = conjunction (OR conjunction)*
        3. conjunction          = relational-term (AND relational-term)*
        4. relational-term      = NOT? relational-primary
        5. relational-primary    comparison / left-parenthesis relational-expression 
                                 right-parenthesis
        6. comparison           = numeric-expression relation numeric-expression / 
                                 string-expression relation string-expression
        7. relation             = equality-relation / greater-than-sign / 
                                 less-than-sign / not-greater / not-less
        8. equality-relation    = equals-sign / not-equals
        9. not-equals           = less-than-sign greater-than-sign / greater-than-sign 
                                 less-than-sign
       10. not-less             = greater-than-sign equals-sign / equals-sign 
                                 greater-than-sign
       11. not-greater          = less-than-sign equals-sign / equals-sign
                                 less-than-sign
 8.1.3 Examples 
       2. NOT X < Y OR A$ = B$ AND B$ = C$
       3. A <= X AND X <= B
          1 <. I AND I <= 10 AND A(I) = X 
          I < N AND (3 > M OR A(I) < B(J))
 8.1.4 Semantics 
       The relation "less than or equal to" is denoted by not-greater. The relation "greater 
       than or equal to" is denoted by not-less. The relation "not equal to" is denoted by 
       not-equals. The relations "greater than", "less than", and "equals" are denoted by 
       the corresponding syntactic sign.
       The relation of equality shall hold between two numeric-expressions if and only if 
       the two numeric-expressions have the same value.
       The relation of equality shall hold between two string-expressions if and only if the 
       values of the two string-expressions have the same length and contain identical se- 
       quences of characters.
       In the evaluation of relational-expressions involving string-expressions, the rela- 
       tion "less than" shall be interpreted to mean "earlier in the collating sequence 
       than", and the other relations shall be defined in a corresponding manner. More pre- 
       cisely, if two unequal strings in a relational-expression have the same length, then 
       one shall be "less than" the other if, in the leftmost character position in which 
       they differ, the character in that string precedes the character in the other accord- 
       ing to the established collating sequence (see 6.6). If the two strings in a 
       relational-expression have different lengths and one has zero length or is an initial

                                                               - 54 -



            leftmost segment of the other, then the shorter string shall be "less than" the 
            other. Otherwise the relationship between two strings of unequal length shall be de- 
            termined by the contents of the shorter string and the leftmost portion of the longer 
            string which is of the same length as the shorter string.
            The precedence of the operators AND, OR, and NOT shall be as implied by the formal 
            syntax. That is, NOT operates only on the relational-primary immediately following 
            it, AND applies to the relational-terms immediately preceding and following it, and 
            OR applies to the conjunctions immediately preceding and following it.
            The order of evaluation of relational-expressions shall be as follows. The 
            relational-expression shall take on the truth-value of the disjunction which consti- 
            tutes it. The conjunctions immediately contained in the disjunction shall be evalu- 
            ated from left to right until a true conjunction is found or none are left. As soon 
            as a true conjunction is found, the whole disjunction is evaluated as true, and any 
            remaining conjunctions are not evaluated. If no true conjunctions are found, the dis- 
            junction is false. For each conjunction, the relational-terms immediately contained 
            in it are evaluated from left to right until a false relational-term is found or none 
            are left. As soon as a false relational-term is found, the whole conjunction is eval- 
            uated as false and any remaining relational-terms are not evaluated. If all the 
            relational-terms are true, then the conjunction is true. For each relational-term, 
            the relational-primary immediately contained in it is evaluated, its truth value re- 
            versed if and only if NOT is also immediately contained in the term, and the result- 
            ing value assigned to the relational-term. A relational-primary shall be evaluated 
            according to the description above of the various relations, if it is a comparison. 
            Otherwise, it shall take on the value of the relational-expression immediately con- 
            tained within it. This relational-expression shall be evaluated by re-applying the 
            rules of this paragraph to it.
  8.1.5 Exceptions 
            None.
  8.1.6 Remarks 
            The specification for evaluation of relational-expressions guarantees that certain 
            parts of the expression will not be evaluated if not necessary. For instance, if an 
            array A has subscripts from 1 to 10:
            1 < X AND X < 10 AND A(X) = KEY
            will never cause an exception for subscript out of range. 
8.2 Control Statements 
  8.2.1 General Description 
            Control statements allow for the interruption of the normal sequence of execution of 
            statements by causing execution to continue at a specified line, rather than at the 
            one with the next higher line-number.
            The goto-statement allows for an unconditional transfer. The on-goto-statement allows 
            control to be transferred to a selected line. The gosub-statement and return- 
            statement allow for subroutine calls. The on-gosub-statement and return-statement al- 
            low for selected subroutine calls.
  8.2.2 Syntax1. control-transfer                     = gosub-statement / goto-statement / if-statement / 
                                                         io-recovery / on-gosub-statement /
                                                         on-goto-statement
              2. goto-statement                       = (GOTO / GO TO) line-number

                                 - 55 -




       3. on-goto-statement   = ON index (GOTO / GO TO) line-number (comma 
                               line-number)* (ELSE imperative-statement)?
       4. gosub-statement     = (GOSUB / GO SUB) line-number
       5. return-statement    = RETURN
       6. on-gosub-statement  = ON index (GOSUB / GO SUB) line-number (comma 
                               line-number)* (ELSE imperative-statement)?
8.2.3 Examples 
      2. GO TO 999
        GOTO 999
      3. ON L+1 GO TO 400, 400, 500
        ON X GO TO 100, 200, 150, 9999 ELSE LET A = 1
      4. GO SUB 5000
        GOSUB 5160
      6. ON A+7 GOSUB 1000, 2000, 7000, 4000
        ON F1-2 GOSUB 4360, 4460, 4660 ELSE PRINT F$
8.2.4 Semantics 
      Execution of a goto-statement shall cause execution of the program to be continued at 
      the line with the specified line-number.
      The index in an on-goto-statement shall be evaluated and its value rounded to obtain 
      an integer, whose value shall be used to select a line-number from the list following 
      the GOTO (the line-numbers in the list are indexed from left to right, starting with 
      1). Execution of the program shall continue at the line with the selected line- 
      number. If the on-goto-statement contains an ELSE clause, and the value of the index 
      in the on-goto-statement is less than one or greater than the number of line-numbers 
      in the list, then the imperative-statement following the ELSE shall be executed; if 
      the imperative-statement in the ELSE part does not transfer control to another line, 
      then execution shall be continued in sequence, i.e., with the line following that 
      containing the on-goto-statement.
      The execution of the gosub-statement or on-gosub-statement and the return-statement 
      can be described in terms of stacks of line-numbers, one associated with each invoca- 
      tion of a program-unit or internal-proc-def (but may be implemented in some other 
      fashion). (The stack is conceptual; the Standard does not require that this method be 
      used). Prior to execution of the first gosub-statement or on-gosub-statement in the 
      invocation of a program-unit or internal-proc-def, the stack in that entity shall be 
      empty. Each time a gosub-statement is executed, the line-number of the gosub- 
      statement shall be placed on top of this stack and execution of the program-unit or 
      internal-proc-def shall be continued at the line specified in the gosub-statement.
      The index in a on-gosub-statement shall be evaluated by rounding to obtain an inte- 
      ger, whose value shall be used to select a line-number from the list following the 
      GOSUB (the numbers in the list are indexed from left to right, starting with 1). The 
      line-number of the on-gosub statement shall be placed on top of the stack for the ap- 
      propriate program-unit or internal-proc-def, and execution shall continue at the line 
      with the line-number selected by the index. If the on-gosub-statement contains an 
      ELSE clause, and the value of the index in the on-gosub-statement is less than one or 
      greater than the number of line-numbers in the list, then the imperative-statement 
      following the ELSE shall be executed and the stack of line-numbers shall not be 
      changed; if the imperative-statement in the ELSE part does not transfer control to 
      another line, execution shall then continue in sequence, i.e., with the line follow- 
      ing that containing the on-gosub-statement.
      Each time a return-statement is executed, the line-number on top of the stack shall 
      be removed from the stack and execution of the program-unit or internal-proc-def 
      shall continue at the line following the one with that line-number.

                                                  - 56 -



         A return-statement, gosub-statement and on-gosub-statement within an internal-proc- 
         def shall interact only with the stack for that internal-proc-def. All other such 
         statements interact only with the stack for the program-unit containing the state- 
         ment.
         It is not necessary that equal numbers of gosub-statements or on-gosub-statements and 
         return-statements be executed before termination of a program-unit or internal-proc- 
         def; the stack of line-numbers associated with the current invocation of a program- 
         unit or internal-proc-def shall be emptied upon termination of that program-unit or 
         internal-proc-def.
 8.2.5 Exceptions
         - The value of the index in an on-goto-statement or an on-gosub-statement without an
           ELSE clause is less than one or greater than the number of line-numbers in the 
            list (10001, fatal).
         - An attempt is made to execute a return-statement without having executed a corre-
            sponding gosub-statement or on-gosub-statement within the same program-unit or 
            internal-proc-def (10002, fatal).
 8.2.6 Remarks 
         The syntactic element control-transfer is defined solely to permit describing limita-
         tions on transfers to line numbers. It is not generated by other productions.
         References to nonexistent line-numbers in a program-unit, including those in control- 
         transfers, are syntax errors (see 4.2). There is, therefore, no exception defined in 
         this Standard for such references. Implementations may, however, choose to treat them 
         as exceptions, if they are so documented, since the effect of non-standard programs 
         is implementation-defined.
8.3 Loop Structures 
 8.3.1 General Description
         Loops provide for the repeated execution of a sequence of statements. Do-loops pro- 
         vide for the construction of loops with arbitrary exit conditions. The for-statement 
         and next-statement provide for the construction of counter-controlled loops.
 8.3.2 syntax
           1. loop                          = do-loop / for-loop
           2. do-loop                       = do-line do-body
           3. do-line                       = line-number do-statement tail
           4. do-statement                  = DO exit-condition ?
           5. exit-condition                = (WHILE / UNTIL) relational-expression
           6. do-body                       = block* loop-line
           7. exit-do-statement             = EXIT DO
           8. loop-line                     = line-number loop-statement tail
           9. loop-statement                = LOOP exit-condition?
         10. for-loop                       = for-line for-body
         11. for-line                       = line-number for-statement tail
         12. for-statement                  = FOR control-variable equals-sign initial-value TO 
                                              limit (STEP increment) ?
         13. control-variable               = simple-numeric-variable
         14. initial-value                  = numeric-expression
         15. limit                          = numeric-expression
         16. increment                      = numeric-expression
         17. for-body                       = block* next-line
         18. exit-for-statement             = EXIT FOR
         19. next-line                      = line-number next-statement tail

                            - 57 -




     20. next-statement  = NEXT control-variable
     The control-variable in the next-statement which terminates a for-loop shall be the
     same as the control-variable in the for-statement which begins the for-loop.
     A for-loop contained in the for-body of another for-loop shall not employ the same 
     control-variable as that other for-loop. No line-numbers in a control-transfer out- 
     side a for-loop or do-loop shall refer to a line in the for-body of that for-loop or 
     in the do-body of that do-loop.
     An exit-do-statement may only occur in a do-loop. An exit-for-statement may only oc- 
     cur in a for-loop.
8.3.3 Examples 
     2. 10 DO WHILE I <= N AND A(I) <> 0 
        20   LET I = I + 1
        30 LOOP
     2. 100 DO
        110  LET I = I + 1
        120  PRINT "MORE ENTRIES (ENTER 'NO' IF NONE)"
        130  INPUT A$(I)
        140 LOOP UNTIL A$(I) = "NO"
     2. 10 DO
        20   INPUT X
        30 IF 0 < X AND X <= 7 AND X = INT(X) THEN EXIT DO 
        40   PRINT "INPUT AN INTEGER BETWEEN 1 AND 7"
        50 LOOP
     10. 100 FOR I = 1 TO 10
        150  LET A(I) = I
        200 NEXT I
     12. FOR I = A TO B STEP -1
     20. NEXT C7
8.3.4 Semantics 
     An exit-condition shall be said to require exit from a loop if the value of the 
     relational-expression following the keyword WHILE is false or if the value of the re- 
     lational expression following the keyword UNTIL is true.
     If execution of a program reaches a do-line, then the exit-condition, if any, in that 
     do-line shall be evaluated. If there is no exit-condition, or if it does not require 
     exit from the loop, then execution shall proceed to the next line. If the condition 
     requires exit from the loop, then execution shall continue at the line following the 
     associated loop-line. If execution of a program reaches a loop-line, then the exit- 
     condition in that loop-line, if any, shall be evaluated. If there is no exit condi- 
     tion, or if it does not require exit from the loop, then execution shall resume at 
     the associated do-line; if the condition requires exit from the loop, then execution 
     shall continue at the line following the loop-line.
     The action of the for-statement and the next-statement is defined in terms of other 
     statements, as follows.

                                    - 58 -






       110 FOR v = initial-value TO limit STEP increment (lines) 
       150 NEXT v

       shall be equivalent to

       110 LET ownl = limit
       120 LET own2 = increment
       130 LET v = initial-value
       140 DO UNTIL (v-ownl) * SGN(wn2) > 0 (lines) 
       150 LET v = v + own2
       160 LOOP

       Here v is any simple-numeric-variable, and ownl and own2 are variables associated 
       with the particular for-loop and not accessible to the programmer. The variables 
       ownl and own2 shall be distinct from similar variables associated with other for- 
       loops. In the above equivalence, a control-transfer to the for-line shall be inter- 
       preted as a control-transfer to the first let-statement, and a control-transfer to 
       the next-line shall be interpreted as a control-transfer to the last let-statement.

       In the absence of a STEP clause in a for-statement, the value of the increment shall 
       be +1.

       Execution of an exit-do-statement shall cause execution to continue the line follow- 
       ing the loop-line of the smallest do-loop in which the exit-do-statement occurs. Exe- 
       cution of the exit-for-statement shall cause execution to continue at the line fol- 
       lowing the next-line of the smallest for-loop in which the exit-for-statement occurs.

 8.3.5 Exceptions 

       None.

 8.3.6 Remarks 

       On exit from a for-loop through the next-statement, the value of the control-variable 
       is the first value not used; on all other exits from a for-loop the control-variable 
       retains its current value.

8.4 Decision Structures 

 8.4.1 General Description

       An if-statement allows for conditional transfers, for the conditional execution of a 
       single imperative-statement, or for the execution of one of two alternative 
       imperative-statements.

       An if-block allows for the conditional execution of a sequence of lines or for the 
       execution of one of several alternative sequences of lines.

       A select-block allows for the conditional execution of any one of a number of alter- 
       native sequences of lines, based on the value of an expression.

 8.4.2 Syntax

        2. if-clause            = imperative-statement / line-number
        3. if-block             = if-then-line then-block elseif-block* else-block? 
                                  end-if-line
        4. if-then-line         = line-number IF relational-expression THEN tail
        5. then-block           = block*
        6. elseif-block         = elseif-then-line block*
        7. elseif-then-line     = line-number ELSEIF relational-expression THEN tail
        8. else-block           = else-line block*
        9. else-line            = line-number ELSE tail
       10. end-if-line          = line-number END IF tail

                                       - 59 -




       11. select-block           = select-line remark-line* case-block case-block* 
                                     case-else-block? end-select-line
       12. select-line            = line-number select-statement tail
       13. select-statement       = SELECT CASE expression
       14. case-block             = case-line block*
       15. case-line              = line-number case-statement tail
       16. case-statement         = CASE case-list
       17. case-list              = case-item (comma case-item)*
       18. case-item              = constant / range
       19. range                  = (constant TO / IS relation) constant
       20. case-else-block        = case-else-line block*
       21. case-else-line         = line-number CASE ELSE tail
       22. end-select-line        = line-number END SELECT tail
       The constants appearing in case-statements in a select-block shall be the same type 
       (i.e., either numeric or string) as the expression in the select-statement. The 
       ranges and constants specified in case-lists in a select-block shall not overlap.
       No line-number in a control-transfer outside an if-block, then-block, elseif-block, 
       else-block, select-block, case-block, or case-else-block shall refer to a line inside 
       that if-block, then-block, elseif-block, else-block, select-block, case-block, or 
       case-else-block, respectively, other than to the if-then-line of that if-block or the 
       select-line of that select-block.
       A line-number in a control-transfer inside an elseif-block, else-block, case-block, 
       or case-else-block may not refer to the associated elseif-then-line, else-line, case- 
       line or case-else-line.
8.4.3 Examples 
        1. IF X => Y2 THEN GOSUB 900 ELSE GOSUB 2000
           IF X$ = "NO" OR X$ = "STOP" THEN LET A = 1
           IF A = B THEN 100
           IF A$ = B$ THEN 200 ELSE 300 
        3. 10 IF X = INT(X) THEN
           20     PRINT X; "IS AN INTEGER"
           30 ELSE
           40     PRINT X; "IS NOT AN INTEGER"
           50 END IF
           100 IF A = 0 THEN
           110    PRINT "ONE ROOT"
           120 ELSEIF DISC < 0 THEN
           130    PRINT "COMPLEX ROOTS" 
           140 ELSE
           150    PRINT "REAL ROOTS"
           160 END IF
       11. 10 SELECT CASE A$(1:1)
           20 CASE "A" TO "Z", "a" TO "z"
           30     PRINT A$; "starts with a letter"
           40 CASE "0" TO "9"
           50     PRINT A$; "starts with a digit"
           60 CASE ELSE
           70     PRINT A$; "doesn't start with a letter or a digit"
           80 END SELECT

                              - 60 -



        10 SELECT CASE X
        20 CASE IS < 0
        30    PRINT X; "is negative"
        40 CASE IS > 0
        50    PRINT X; "is positive"
        60 CASE ELSE
        70    PRINT X; "is zero"
        80 END SELECT
8.4.4 Semantics 
     If the value of the relational-expression in an if-statement is true and an 
     imperative-statement follows the keyword THEN, then this imperative-statement shall 
     be executed; if a line-number follows the keywork THEN, then execution of the program 
     shall be continued at the line with that line-number. If the value of the relational- 
     expression is false and an imperative-statement follow the keyword ELSE, then this 
     imperative-statement shall be executed; if a line-number follows the keyword ELSE, 
     then execution of the program shall be continued at the line with that line-number, 
     if no ELSE is present, then execution shall be continued in sequence, i.e., with the 
     line following that containing the if-statement.
     If-blocks shall be executed as follows. If a then-block, elseif-block, or else-block 
     does not contain a block, the effect is as if it did contain a block consisting of a 
     remark-line. If the value of the relational-expression in the if-then-line is true, 
     then execution shall continue at the first line of the corresponding then-block. If 
     false, then the relational-expressions of each corresponding elseif-then-line, if 
     any, shall be evaluated in order. As soon as a true relational-expression is found, 
     execution shall continue at the first line of the blocks of that elseif-block. If no 
     true relational-expression is found in the elseif-then-lines, then, if an else-block 
     is present, execution shall continue at the first line of the block of that else- 
     block. If there is no else-block, execution shall continue at the line following the 
     end-if-line. When execution reaches the end of a then-block, an elseif-block, or an 
     else-block, it shall continue at the line following the corresponding end-if-line.
     The expression in a select-statement in a select-block shall be evaluated and its 
     value compared with the case-items in the case statements until a match is found. A 
     match shall occur when
     - the value of the expression equals that of a constant appearing as a case-item, or
     - the value is greater than or equal to that of the first constant appearing in a 
       range containing the word TO, but less than or equal to the second, or
     - the value satisfies the relationship indicated by the relation appearing before the 
       constant in a range.
     If and when a match is found, the rest of the case-block headed by the case-statement 
     in which the match was found shall be executed. If no case-item is matched, then the 
     case-else-block, if it is present, shall be executed. When execution reaches the end 
     of a case-block or case-else-block, it shall continue at the line following the end- 
     select-line.
     Nesting of blocks is permitted subject to the same nesting constraints as for-loops 
     (i.e. no overlapping blocks).

                                     - 61 -




8.4.5 Exception
      - A select-block without a case-else-block is executed and no case-block is selected
        (10004, fatal).
8.4.6 Remarks 
      None.

                    - 62 -
9. PROGRAM SEGMENTATION

                                         - 63 -




9. PROGRAM SEGMENTATION
    BASIC provides three mechanisms for the segmentation of programs. The first provides for 
    user-defined functions, whose values may be used in numeric-expressions and string- 
    expressions. The second enables subprograms to be defined, which communicate via parameters 
    and which can be invoked via a call-statement. The third enables separate programs to be 
    executed sequentially without user intervention.
    Functions and subprograms (which we refer to collectively as "routines") are of two types: 
    internal and external. External routines are independent program-units lexically following 
    the main-program. Internal routines are contained within a program-unit (the main-program 
    or an external routine) and are considered to be part of that program-unit. An internal 
    routine cannot contain another internal routine.
    In general, an external routine does not share anything (including, but not limited to, 
    variables, DATA statements, internal routines, OPTIONs, and DEBUG status) with other 
    program-units. Information is exchanged between external routines and other program-units 
    by means of parameters and, in the case of external functions, returned values. In general, 
    an internal routine shares everything with its surrounding program-unit, with the exception 
    of its parameters. There are no local variables for internal routines. See Appendix 2 for 
    more detail on scope rules.
    Within a program-unit, a routine must always be defined or declared in a line lexically 
    preceding its first invocation in that program-unit. It is not an error for a routine to be 
    defined or declared without being invoked. An external routine may be invoked throughout 
    the program; an internal routine may be invoked only from within its containing program- 
    unit.
    No control-transfer within an internal or external routine may refer to a line-number 
    outside that routine, nor may a control-transfer outside a routine refer to a line-number 
    within it.
 9.1 User-Defined Functions 
  9.1.1 General Description
         In addition to the implementation-supplied functions provided for the convenience of 
         the programmer (see 5.4, 6.4 and elsewhere), BASIC allows the programmer to define 
         new functions within a program-unit or program.
  9.1.2 Syntax
          1. function-def              internal-function-def / external-function-def 
          2. internal-function-def     internal-def-line / internal-function-line block* 
                                       end-function-line
          3. internal-def-line         line-number def-statement tail 
          4. def-statement             numeric-def-statement string-def-statement
          5. numeric-def-statement     DEF numeric-defined-function function-parm-list? 
                                       equals-sign numeric-expression 
          6. numeric-defined-function =numeric-identifier
          7. string-def-statement      DEF string-defined-function length-max? 
                                       function-parm-list? equals-sign 
                                       string-expression
          8. string-defined-function   string-identifier
          9. function-parm-list        left-parenthesis function-parameter (comma 
                                       function-parameter)* right-parenthesis 
         10. function-parameter        simple-variable / formal-array
         11. formal-array              array-name left-parenthesis comma* right-parenthesis 
         12. internal-function-line    line-number FUNCTION (numeric-defined-function / 
                                       (string-defined-function length-max?)) 
                                       function-parm-list? tail

                               - 64 -




13. end-function-line      = line-number END FUNCTION tail
14. external-function-def  = external-function-line unit-block* end-function-line
15. external-function-line > line-number EXTERNAL FUNCTION 
                             (numeric-defined-function /
                             (string-defined-function length-max?)) 
                             function-parm-list? tail
16. numeric-function-let-statement = LET numeric-defined-function equals-sign 
                             numeric-expression
17. string-function-let-statement = LET string-defined-function equals-sign 
                             string-expression
18. exit-function-statement = EXIT FUNCTION
19. type-declaration       > def-type / internal-function-type / 
                             external-function-type
20. def-type               = DEF function-list
21. internal-function-type = FUNCTION function-list
22. external-function-type = EXTERNAL FUNCTION function-list
23. function-list          = defined-function (comma defined-function)*
24. defined-function       > numeric-defined-function / string-defined-function
No line-number in a control-transfer outside an internal-function-def shall refer to 
a line in an internal-function-def other than to an internal-function-line, nor shall 
a line-number in a control-transfer inside an internal-function-def refer either to a 
line outside that internal-function-def or to the associated internal-function-line.
A line-number in a control-transfer inside an external-function-def shall not refer 
to the associated external-function-line.
If a defined-function is defined by an external-function-def, it shall not be defined 
more then once in the program. If a defined-function is defined by an internal- 
function-def, it shall not be defined more than once in the containing program-unit.
Within a program-unit, no more than one function (internal or external) of a given 
name shall be declared or defined.
If a defined-function is defined by an external-function-def, then a declare- 
statement with external-function-type containing that defined-function shall occur in 
a lower-numbered line than the first reference to that defined-function in the same 
program-unit.
If a defined-function is defined by an internal-function-def other than an internal- 
def-line, then either the internal-function-def, or a declare-statement with 
internal-function-type naming that defined-function, shall occur in a lower-numbered 
line than the first reference to that defined-function in the same program-unit.
If a defined-function is defined by an internal-def-line, then either the internal- 
def-line, or a declare-statement with def-type naming that defined-function, shall 
occur in a lower-numbered line than the first reference to that defined-function in 
the same program-unit.
Self-recursive functions need not declare themselves; that is, if a function-def con- 
tains a reference to itself, that reference does not require a type-declaration con- 
taining the defined-function in a lower-numbered line. An exit-function statement 
shall occur only within a function-def.
Within each function-def (other than an internal-def-line) shall occur at least one 
numeric-function-let-statement or string-function-let-statement with defined-function 
the same as the defined-function in the internal-function-line or external-function- 
line of the function-def.

                                - 65 -








     The number and type of function-arguments in a numeric-function-ref or string- 

     function-ref shall agree with the number and type of function-parameters in the cor- 
     responding function-def. That is,

     - The number of function-arguments shall be the same as the number of function- 

       parameters.

     - The function-arguments in the function-arg-list shall be associated with the corre- 

       sponding function-parameters in the function-parm-list (i.e., the first with the 

       first, the second with the second, etc.), and the types shall correspond as fol- 
       lows:


          Parameter               Argument

          simple-numeric-variable numeric-expression
          simple-string-variable  string-expression
          formal-array (numeric)  actual-array (numeric)

          formal-array (string)   actual-array (string)

     The number of dimensions of an actual-array shall be one more than the number of com- 

     mas in the corresponding formal-array. A formal-array shall have no more than three 

     dimensions (two commas).

     Whenever a numeric argument is passed to a corresponding numeric parameter in a dif- 
     ferent program-unit, the ARITHMETIC options in effect for the two program-units must 

     agree.


     The ARITHMETIC option external-function-def of numeric type must agree with that of 
     the invoking program-unit.

     A given function-parameter shall occur only once in function-parm-list. Function- 

     parameters shall not be explicitly declared or dimensioned within the internal- 
     function-def or external-function-def.

     A defined-function appearing in a def-type or internal-function-type shall be defined 

     elsewhere in the same program-unit by an internal-def-line or internal-function-def 
     (other than an internal-def-line), respectively.


     A defined-function appearing in an external-function-type shall be defined elsewhere 

     in the program by an external-function-def.

9.1.3 Examples 


      5. DEF E = 2.7182818
        DEF AVERAGE(X, Y) = (X+Y)/2 

      7. DEF FNA$(S$, T$) = S$ & T$
        DEF Right$(A$, n) = A$( Len(A$)-n+1 : Len(A$) )

     14. 100 EXTERNAL FUNCTION ANSWER(A$)
        120 SELECT CASE UCASE$(A$) 
        130 CASE "YES"

        140      LET ANSWER=1
        150 CASE "NO"

        160      LET ANSWER=2

        170 CASE ELSE
        180      LET ANSWER=3

        190 END SELECT
        200 END FUNCTION

     21. FUNCTION AVERAGE, REVERSE$

                                  - 66 -




9.1.4 Semantics 
      A function-def specifies the means of evaluating a function based on the values of 
      the parameters appearing in the function-parm-list and possibly other variables or 
      constants.
      Function Parameters 
      When a defined-function is referenced (i.e., when an expression involving the func- 
      tion is evaluated), then the arguments in the function reference, if any, shall be 
      evaluated from left to right and their values shall be assigned to the parameters in 
      the function-parm-list for the function-def (i.e., arguments shall be passed by value 
      to the parameters of the function). The number of dimensions in a formal-array is one 
      more than the number of commas in the formal-array. Upon invocation of a function- 
      def, a formal-array has the same bounds as the corresponding actual-array. A simple- 
      string-variable or string-array which is a function-parameter shall have the 
      implementation-defined default as its maximum length.
      Function Evaluation
      If a function is defined in a def-statement, then the expression in that statement 
      shall be evaluated and its value assigned as the value of the function. If a function 
      is defined in an internal-function-def or external-function-def, then the lines fol- 
      lowing the internal-function-line or external-function-line shall be executed in se- 
      quential order until
      - some other action is dictated by execution of a line, or
      - a fatal exception occurs, or
      - a chain-statement or stop-statement is executed, or
      - an exit-function-statement is executed, or
      - an end-function-line is reached.
      The value of the defined-function shall be set by execution of one or more numeric- 
      function-let-statements or string-function-let-statements. Upon exit from the 
      function-def, the value shall be that most recently assigned to the defined-function 
      in that invocation. If, upon exit, no such value has been assigned, then the result 
      shall be consistent with the implementation-defined policies for uninitialized vari- 
      ables. A length-max following a string-defined-function establishes the maximum 
      length of the string value to be returned by that function-def. If no length-max is 
      specified, then the maximum length shall be the same as for a string-variable without 
      a length-max.
      An exit-function-statement, when executed, shall terminate the execution of the 
      function-def in which it is immediately contained. An end-function-line marks the 
      textual end of a function-block, and also shall terminate execution of the function- 
      block. Execution of a stop-statement in a function-block shall terminate execution of 
      the entire program.
      A function-def may refer, directly or indirectly, to the function being defined; 
      i.e., recursive function invocations are permitted.
      Lines in a function-def shall not be executed unless the function it defines is ref- 
      erenced. If the execution of a program reaches an internal-def-line, it shall proceed 
      to the next line without further effect. If execution reaches an internal-function- 
      line, it shall proceed to the line following the associated end-function-line without 
      further effect.
      Scopes of Variables, Arrays, Channel Numbers, and Data
      A function-parameter appearing in the function-parm-list of a function-def shall be 
      local to each invocation of that function-def; i.e., it shall name a variable or ar- 
      ray distinct from any variable or array with the same name outside the function-ref.

                                    - 67 -




      The treatment of variables and arrays which are not named as function-parameters in a 
      function-def shall depend upon whether the function-def is internal or external. If 
      the function-def is external, then such variables and arrays shall be local to each 
      invocation of that program-unit, i.e., they shall be distinct from objects with the 
      same names outside that function-def or within other invocations of that function- 
      def; in addition, they shall be initialized or not initialized in a manner consistent 
      with the implementation-defined policies for the main-program each time the function- 
      def is invoked. If the function-def is internal, then those variables and arrays 
      shall be global to the containing program-unit and shall retain their assigned values 
      each time the function-def is invoked; if these values are changed during the course 
      of executing the internal-function-def, the changes remain in effect when execution 
      is returned to the surrounding program-unit.
      With one exception, the scope of channel-numbers (see 9.2) is always the program- 
      unit. Nonzero channel-numbers within a function-def shall be local to each invocation 
      of that function-def if it is external, and shall be global to the containing 
      program-unit in which it occurs if it is internal. Channel zero shall be global to 
      the entire program. Files shall be assigned to nonzero channels within a program-unit 
      by means of an open-statement before use. Files assigned to channels local to a 
      function-def shall be closed upon exit from that function-def.
      The scope of internal data is always the program-unit. Thus, data within an external- 
      function-def shall be local to each invocation of that program-unit. Hence read- 
      statements and restore-statements within such a function-def shall refer only to data 
      in data-statements within that function-def and not to data in other program-units. 
      Upon invocation of such a function-def, the pointer for the data within that 
      function-def shall be reset to the beginning of the data (see 10.1). Data within an 
      internal-function-def shall be part of the data sequence for the containing program- 
      unit, and read-statements and restore-statements within such a function-def shall re- 
      fer to the entire sequence of data in that program-unit.
9.1.5 Exceptions 
      - A string-function-let-statement attempts to assign a value whose length exceeds the
        maximum for the string-defined-function (1106, fatal).
9.1.6 Remarks 
      Incompatible COLLATE options are allowed between an invoking and invoked program-unit 
      (even if they communicate via string parameters) because COLLATE does not dictate the 
      internal representation of strings, but only their order in a string comparisons and 
      the values of the CHR$ and ORD functions.
      It is not an error for an internal-function-def to appear before a declare-statement 
      with def-type or internal-function-type containing the name of that internal func- 
      tion. It is not an error for a function to be defined by an internal-function-def or 
      to appear in a declare-statement, but not to be referred to in that program-unit.
      An internal-function-type or def-type may be omitted if the corresponding definition 
      appears before first reference. An external-function-type is always required when an 
      external-function is referenced in a program-unit.
      It is not an error for a function to be defined by an internal-function-def or to ap- 
      pear in a declare-statement, but not to be referred to in that program-unit.
      It is not an error for an internal-function-def to appear before a declare-statement 
      with def-type or internal-function-type containing the name of that internal func- 
      tion.

                                          - 68 -







        An internal-function-type or def-type may be omitted if the corresponding definition 
        appears before the first reference to that function. An external-function-type is al- 
        ways required when an external-function is referenced in a program-unit other than 
        its own.

        The requirement that both internal and external functions be declared or defined be- 
        fore they are used allows several program-units within a program each to contain an 
        internal function with the same name as an external function. This facilitates the 
        use of function libraries where the programmer may not know the names of all the 
        external-function-defs in the library.

9.2 Subprograms 

 9.2.1 General Description

        Subprograms provide a mechanism for the logical segmentation of programs, allowing 
        parameters to be passed between program segments. Subprograms, like defined- 
        functions, may be internal or external to a program-unit.

 9.2.2 Syntax 

         1. subprogram-def           = internal-sub-def / external-sub-def
         2. internal-sub-def         = internal-sub-line block* end-sub-line
         3. internal-sub-line        = line-number sub-statement tail
         4. sub-statement            = SUB subprogram-name procedure-parm-list?
         5. subprogram-name          = routine-identifier
         6. procedure-parm-list      = left-parenthesis procedure-parameter (comma 
                                       procedure-parameter)* right-parenthesis
         7. procedure-parameter      > simple-variable / formal-array / channel-number
         8. channel-number           = number-sign integer
         9. end-sub-line             = line-number end-sub-statement tail
        10. end-sub-statement        = END SUB
        11. exit-sub-statement       = EXIT SUB
        12. external-sub-def         = external-sub-line unit-block* end-sub-line
        13. external-sub-line        = line-number EXTERNAL sub-statement tail
        14. call-statement           = CALL subprogram-name procedure-argument-list?
        15. procedure-argument-list = left-parenthesis procedure-argument (comma 
                                       procedure-argument)* right-parenthesis
        16. procedure-argument       = expression / actual-array / channel-expression
        17. type-declaration         > internal-sub-type / external-sub-type
        18. internal-sub-type        = SUB sub-list
        19. external-sub-type        = EXTERNAL SUB sub-list
        20. sub-list                 = subprogram-name (comma subprogram-name)*

        No line-number in a control-transfer outside an internal-sub-def shall refer to a 
        line in an internal-sub-def other than to an internal-sub-line, nor shall a line- 
        number in a control-transfer inside an internal-sub-def refer either to a line out- 
        side that internal-sub-def or to the associated internal-sub-line.

        A line-number in a control-transfer inside an external-sub-def shall not refer to the 
        associated external-sub-line.

        If a subprogram-name is defined by an external-sub-def, it shall not be defined more 
        than once in the program. If a subprogram-name is defined by an internal-sub-def, it 
        shall not be defined more than once in the containing program-unit.

        Within a program-unit, no more than one subprogram (internal or external) of a given 
        name shall be declared or defined.

                                           - 69 -




        If a subprogram-name is defined by an external-sub-def, then a declare-statement with 
        external-sub-type containing that subprogram-name shall occur in a lower-numbered 
        line than the first reference to that subprogram-name in a call-statement in the same 
        program-unit.
        If a subprogram-name is defined by an internal-sub-def, then either the internal-sub- 
        def, or a declare-statement with internal-sub-type containing that subprogram-name, 
        shall occur in a lower-numbered line than the first reference to that subprogram-name 
        in the same program-unit.
        Self-recursive subprograms need not declare themselves; that is, if a subprogram-def 
        contains a reference to itself in a call-statement, that reference does not require a 
        type-declaration containing that subprogram-name in a lower-numbered line.
        An exit-sub-statement shall occur only within a subprogram-def.
        The number and type of procedure-arguments in a call-statement shall agree with the 
        number and type of procedure-parameters in the corresponding subprogram-def. That is,
        - The number of procedure-arguments shall be the same as the number of procedure- 
          parameters.
        - The procedure-arguments in the procedure-arg-list shall be associated with the cor- 
          responding procedure-parameters in the procedure-parm-list (i.e., the first with 
          the first, the second with the second, etc.), and the types shall correspond as 
          follows:
            Parameter                      Argument
            simple-numeric-variable        numeric-expression
            simple-string-variable         string-expression
            formal-array (numeric)         actual-array (numeric)
            formal-array (string)          actual-array (string)
            channel-number                 channel-expression
        An actual-array shall have the same number of dimensions as the corresponding formal- 
        array. The number of dimensions in a formal-array is one more than the number of com- 
        mas in the formal-array.
        Whenever a numeric argument is passed to a corresponding numeric parameter in a dif- 
        ferent program-unit, the ARITHMETIC option in effect for the two program-units must 
        agree.
        A given procedure-parameter shall occur only once in a procedure-parm-list. 
        Procedure-parameters shall not be explicitly declared or dimensioned within the 
        internal-sub-def or external-sub-def.
        The channel-number zero shall not be used as a procedure-parameter.
        A subprogram-name appearing in an internal-sub-type shall be defined elsewhere in the 
        same program-unit by an internal-sub-def.
        A subprogram-name appearing in an external-sub-type shall be defined elsewhere in the 
        program by an external-sub-def.
9.2.3 Examples 
        2. 100 SUB exchange(a,b)
           110    LET t = a
           120    LET a = b
           130    LET b = t
           140 END SUB
         4. SUB CALC(X, Y, z$)
            SUB SORT(A(), B(,), A$, #3)

                                       - 70 -



       13. 2000 EXTERNAL SUB OPEN (#1, fnames$, result)
       14. CALL CALC (3*A+2, 7715, "NO")
           CALL SORT (Zvect, Ymat), (L$), #N)
9.2.4 Semantics 
       When a call-statement is executed, control shall be transferred to the subprogram 
       named in to call-statement. Execution of the subprogram shall begin at the line fol- 
       lowing the sub-line and shall continue in sequential order until
       - some other action is dictated by execution of a line, or
       - a fatal exception occurs, or
       - a chain-statement is executed, or
       - a stop-statement or exit-sub-statement is executed, or
       - an end-sub-line is reached.
       The end-sub-line serves both to mark the textual end of a subprogram and, when exe- 
       cuted, to terminate execution of the subprogram. The exit-sub-statement, when exe- 
       cuted, shall terminate the execution of the innermost subprogram in which it is con- 
       tained. When execution of a subprogram terminates, execution shall continue at the 
       line following the call-statement which initiated execution of the subprogram.
       Execution of a stop-statement in a subprogram shall terminate execution of the entire 
       program.
       A subprogram may call itself, either directly or indirectly through another proce- 
       dure; i.e., recursive subprogram invocations are permitted.
       Lines in a subprogram-def shall not be executed unless the subprogram it defines is 
       referenced through a call-statement. If execution reaches an internal-sub-line, it 
       shall proceed to the line following the associated end-sub-line without further ef- 
       fect.
       Subprogram parameters 
       When a call-statement is executed, its procedure-arguments shall be identified, from 
       left to right, with the corresponding procedure-parameters in the sub-statement for 
       the subprogram.
       Procedure-arguments which are numeric-variables or string-variables without 
       substring-qualifiers shall be passed by reference, i.e., any reference to the corre- 
       sponding procedure-parameter within the subprogram shall result in a reference to the 
       procedure-argument, and any assignment to the procedure-parameter shall result in an 
       assignment to the corresponding procedure-argument.
       If a procedure-argument is an array element, its subscripts shall be evaluated once 
       at each entry to the subprogram.
       A procedure-argument which is an expression, but not a numeric-variable or a string- 
       variable without a substring-qualifier, shall be evaluated once at each entry to the 
       subprogram and the value so obtained shall be assigned to a location local to the 
       subprogram. This local value shall be used in any reference to the corresponding 
       procedure-parameter, and this local location shall be used as the destination of any 
       assignment to the procedure-parameter. Any necessary evaluation of procedure- 
       arguments shall take place from left to right.
       References within a subprogram to the procedure-parameters which are formal-arrays 
       shall result in interferences to the corresponding arrays in the procedure-argument- 
       list; assignments to or redimensioning of such arrays shall result in assignments to 
       or redimensioning of the corresponding arrays in the procedure-argument-list. Upon 
       entry to the subprogram, a formal-array as a procedure-parameter has the same bounds 
       as the corresponding procedure-argument.

                                  - 71 -




For a procedure-parameter which is a simple-string-variable or string-array, the as- 
sociated maximum length shall be the implementation-defined default, in the case of 
passing by value; when passing by reference, the maximum length shall be that of the 
corresponding procedure-argument.
If both an array and one of its elements are named as procedure-arguments in a call- 
statement and the array is redimensioned during execution of the subprogram, then any 
subsequent reference within the subprogram to the procedure-parameter associated with 
the array-element shall produce implementation-defined results.
A procedure-argument which is a channel-expression shall be evaluated once on entry 
to the subprogram and the resulting channel shall be used whenever the value of the 
corresponding procedure-parameter is referenced in the subprogram.
The attributes of the file (see 11.1.4) assigned to this channel shall be passed un- 
changed to the subprogram, and changes to attributes and contents of the file within 
the subprogram must be immediately effective, regardless of which of the channel- 
numbers is used in the subsequent reference, and shall remain in effect upon exit 
from the subprogram.
A file need not be assigned to a channel designated by a procedure-argument when a 
call-statement is executed. If an open-statement within a subprogram assigns a file 
to that channel, then that assignment shall remain in effect upon exit from the sub- 
program.
Scopes of variables, arrays, channel numbers, and data
A procedure-parameter appearing in the procedure-parm-list of a subprogram-def which 
has been passed by value shall be local to each invocation of the subprogram-def; 
i.e., it shall name a variable or array distinct from an variable or array with the 
same name outside the subprogram-def.
For a procedure-parameter which has been passed by reference, its name shall be local 
to each invocation of the subprogram-def, but that name refers to the same object as 
the corresponding procedure-argument see Subprogram parameters, above).
The treatment of variables and arrays which are not named as parameters in a 
subprogram-def shall depend upon whether the subprogram-def is internal or external. 
If the subprogram-def is external, then such variables and arrays shall be local to 
each invocation of that program-unit, i.e., they shall be distinct from objects with 
the same names outside that subprogram-def or within other invocations of that 
subprogram-def; in addition, they shall be initialized or not initialized in a manner 
consistent with the implementation-defined policies for the main-program each time 
the subprogram-def is invoked. If the subprogram-def is internal, then those vari- 
ables and arrays shall be global to the containing program-unit and shall retain 
their assigned values each time the subprogram-def is invoked; if these values are 
hanged during the course of executing the subprogram-def, the changes remain in ef- 
fect when execution is returned to the surrounding program-unit.
With one exception, the scope of channel-numbers which are not procedure-parameters 
is always the program-unit. Nonzero channel-numbers within a subprogram-def shall be 
local to each invocation of that subprogram-def if it is external, and shall be 
global to the program-unit in which it occurs if it is internal. Channel zero shall 
be global to the entire program. Files shall be assigned to nonzero channels within a 
program-unit by means of an open-statement before use. Files assigned to channels lo- 
cal to a subprogram-def shall be closed upon exit from that subprogram-def.
The scope of internal data is always the program-unit. Thus, data within an external- 
sub-def shall be local to each invocation of that program-unit. Hence read-statements 
and restore-statements within such a subprogram-def shall refer only to data in data- 
statements within that subprogram-def and not to data in other program-units. Upon

                                  - 72 -



      invocation of such a subprogram-def, the pointer for the data within that subprogram- 
      def shall be reset to the beginning of the data (see 10.1). Data within an internal- 
      sub-def shall be part of the data sequence for that program-unit, and read-statements 
      and restore-statements within such a subprogram-def shall refer to the entire se- 
      quence of data in that program-unit.
9.2.5 Exceptions 
      None.
9.2.6 Remarks 
      Implementations may extend the language by making the use of an internal-sub-type op- 
      tional, even when the internal-sub-defs occur after the call-statements referring to 
      them.
      An alias is said to exist for an object whenever two or more distinct names exist for 
      the object within the same scope. When parameters are passed by reference, aliases 
      may be created in certain circumstances. Parameter passing by value does not create 
      aliases, since distinct objects are created for each parameter.
      Any call-statement creates aliases whenever :
      - channel-expressions which round to the same integer value are passed to different 
        formal channel-numbers,
      - the same actual-array is passed to different formal-arrays,
      - the same simple variable or array element is passed to different formal simple- 
        variables,
      - an array is passed to a formal-array and an element of that array is passed to a 
        formal simple-variable,
      - a channel-expression is passed to an internal subprogram, or
      - an argument which is not a channel-expression is passed by reference to an internal 
        subprogram.
      In the first four cases, the alias arises because two or more formal parameters name 
      the same object, or parts of the same object. In the latter two cases, the alias 
      arises because an object is "visible" to an internal subprogram, both as a parameter 
      and as an object global to the entire program-unit.
      When the state of an object referred to by an aliased procedure-parameter is changed, 
      that change must be immediately effective in every subsequent reference to the ob- 
      ject, regardless of which of the object's names is used in the reference. Events 
      which potentially affect the state of the object referred to by a procedure-parameter 
      include assignment, input/output operations, and array redimensioning.
      Thus, the program :
      100 DECLARE INTERNAL SUB S 
      110 LET A = 0
      120 CALL S(A,A)
      130 SUB S(B,C)
      140     LET A = 1
      150     LET B = 2
      160     LET C = 3
      170     IF A <> B OR B <> C OR A <> C THEN
      180          PRINT "This shouldn't happen."
      190     END IF
      200 END SUB
      210 END

                                     - 73 -



       would never print the error message in a conforming implementation.
       Remarks about the following topics in 9.1.6 apply analogously to subprograms (9.2.6):
       - Program-units with different COLLATE options;
       - Functions which are defined or declared, but not referenced;
       - Functions which are defined before they are declared;
       - The requirement that external, but not internal, functions always be declared 
         (rather than defined);
       - Internal functions with the same name in different program-units.
9.3 Chaining
 9.3.1 General Description
       The chain-statement allows separate programs to be executed serially without program- 
       mer intervention. Such a facility is useful for segmenting large programs.
 9.3.2 Syntax
       1. chain-statement        = CHAIN program-designator (WITH function-arg-list)?
       2. program-designator     = string-expression
       The association of the function-arguments in the function-arg-list in the chain- 
       statement with the function parameters in the function-parm-list in the program-name- 
       line shall follow the same rules set down for defined-functions (see 9.1).
 9.3.3 Examples 
       1. CHAIN "PROG2"
          CHAIN A$ WITH (X, FILENAMES$)
 9.3.4 Semantics 
       A chain-statement shall terminate execution of the current program, close all files, 
       and initiate execution of the program designated by the program-designator. The way 
       in which a program is associated with its program-designator is implementation- 
       defined.
       If the program being chained to contains a program-name-line, then the arguments of 
       the chain-statement are evaluated and assigned to the corresponding parameters in the 
       program-name-line (i.e., parameters are passed by value). The bounds of a formal- 
       array shall therefore be adjusted to equal those of the corresponding actual-array, 
       in accordance with the rules for passing array parameters to functions (see 9.1).
       It is implementation-defined whether upper-case-letters and lower-case-letters are 
       treated as equivalent in a program-designator.
       The initial values of variables in a chained-to program are implementation-defined. 
 9.3.5 Exceptions 
       - The program identified by the program-designator is not available (10005, fatal).
       - The number and type of arguments in a chain-statement do not agree with the number 
         and type of the corresponding parameters in the program-name-line of the program 
         being chained to, or a program-name-line with a function-parm-list is not present 
         (4301, fatal).
       - An actual-array does not have the same number of dimensions as the corresponding 
         formal-array (4302, fatal).
       - Numeric parameters are passed between programs with a chain-statement and the 
         ARITHMETIC options of the program-units disagree (4303, fatal).

                                  - 74 -



9.3.6 Remarks 
      In a typical implementation a program-designator will be the name of a file contain- 
      ing that program. The program chained to need not be a BASIC program.
      If exception 4301, 4302, or 4303 occurs, it may be reported by the chained-from pro- 
      gram, the chained-to program, or some intermediate system program.

                    - 75 -
10. INPUT AND OUTPUT

                               - 76 -



10. INPUT AND OUTPUT
  Input and output facilities are provided for the interaction of a BASIC program with col- 
  lections of data. Data may be obtained by a program from statements within that program, 
  from a standard source external to that program, or from a named source external to that 
  program (see 11.4). Output data may be directed to a standard destination external to that 
  program or to named destination external to that program (see 11.3 and, for BASIC-2 only, 
  11.5).
10.1 Internal Data
 10.1.1 General Description
      The read-statement provides for the assignment of values to variables from a sequence 
      of data created from one or more data-statements. The restore-statement allows data 
      in a program to be reread.
 10.1.2 Syntax
       1. read-statement    > READ (missing-recovery colon)? variable-list
       2. variable-list     = variable (comma variable)*
       3. missing-recovery  = IF MISSING THEN io-recovery-action
       4. io-recovery-action= exit-do-statement / exit-for-statement / line-number
       5. restore-statement = RESTORE line-number?
       6. data-statement    = DATA data-list
       7. data-list         = datum (comma datum)*
       8. datum             = constant / unquoted-string
       9. unquoted-string   = plain-string-character / plain-string-character 
                             unquoted-string-character0 
                             plain-string-character
      An io-recovery-action containing an exit-for-statement shall occur only within a for- 
      body. An io-recovery-action containing an exit-do-statement shall occur only within a 
      do-body.
      If a line-number occurs in a restore-statement, the line-number shall refer to a line 
      containing a data-statement.
10.1.3 Examples 
      1. READ X, Z
        READ IF MISSING THEN 1350: X(1), A$
      5. RESTORE
        RESTORE 1000
      6. DATA 3.14159, PI, 5E-30, ", "
      9. COMMAS CANNOT OCCUR IN UNQUOTED STRINGS.
10.1.4 Semantics 
      Data from the totality of data-statements in each program-unit shall behave as if 
      collected into a single data sequence. The order in which data appear textually in 
      the totality of all data-statements determines the order of the data in the data se- 
      quence.
      If the execution of a program reaches a line containing a data-statement, then it 
      shall proceed to the next line with no further effect.
      Execution of a read-statement shall cause variables in the variable-list to be as- 
      signed values, in order, from the sequence of data in the program-unit containing the 
      read-statement. A conceptual pointer is associated with this data sequence. At the 
      initiation of execution of the program-unit, this conceptual pointer points to the

                             - 77 -



     first datum in the data sequence. Each time a read-statement is executed, each vari- 
     able in the variable-list in sequence is assigned the value of the datum indicated by 
     the pointer and the pointer advanced to point beyond that datum.
     If an attempt is made to read data beyond the end of the data sequence, an exception 
     shall occur unless a missing-recovery is present in the read-statement. In that case, 
     the specified io-recovery-action shall be taken. If the io-recovery-action is an 
     exit-do-statement or exit-for-statement, that statement shall have its normal effect 
     (see 8.3). If the io-recovery-action is a line-number, then execution shall continue 
     at the line having that line-number.
     The type of a datum in the data sequence shall correspond to the type of the variable 
     to which it is to be assigned; i.e., numeric-variables require numeric-constants as 
     data and string-variables require string-constants or unquoted-strings as data. An 
     unquoted-string which is also a numeric-constant may be assigned to either a string- 
     variable or a numeric-variable by a read-statement.
     If the evaluation of a numeric datum causes an underflow, then its value shall be re- 
     placed by zero.
     Subscripts and substring-qualifiers in the variable-list shall be evaluated after 
     values have been assigned to the variables preceding them (i.e., to the left of them) 
     in the variable-list.
     Execution of a restore-statement resets the pointer for the data sequence in the 
     program-unit containing the restore-statement to the beginning of the sequence, so 
     that the next read-statement executed will read data from the beginning of the se- 
     quence. If a line-number is present, then the pointer for the data sequence in the 
     program-unit containing the restore-statement is set to the first datum in the data- 
     statement with the given line-number, so that the next read-statement executed will 
     read data from the beginning of the designated data-statement.
10.1.5 Exceptions 
     - The variable-list in a read-statement requires more data than are present in the 
       remainder of the data-list and a missing-recovery has not been specified (8001, 
       fatal).
     - An attempt is made to assign a value to a numeric-variable from a datum which is 
       not a numeric-constant (8101, fatal).
     - The evaluation of a numeric datum causes an overflow (1006, fatal).
     - The assignment of a datum to a string-variable results in a string overflow (1053,
       fatal).
10.1.6 Remarks 
     Implementations may choose to treat underflows as exceptions (1506, nonfatal: supply 
     zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementations, this permits interception by excep- 
     tion handlers.
10.2 Input
10.2.1 General Description
     Input-statements provide for user interaction with a program by allowing variables to 
     be assigned values supplied from a source external to the program. The input- 
     statement enables the entry of mixed string and numeric data, with data items being 
     separated by commas.
     A prompt for input may be specified to replace the usual prompt supplied by the im- 
     plementation.

                                    - 78 -




       The line-input-statement enables an entire line of input, including embedded spaces 
       and commas, to be assigned as the value of a string-variable.
10.2.2 Syntax
        1. input-statement      > INPUT input-modifier-list? variable-list
        2. input-modifier-list  = input-modifier (comma input-modifier)* colon
        3. input-modifier       = prompt-specifier / timeout-expression / time-inquiry
        4. prompt-specifier     = PROMPT string-expression
        5. timeout-expression   = TIMEOUT numeric-time-expression
        6. numeric-time-expression = numeric-expression
        7. time-inquiry         = ELAPSED numeric-variable
        8. line-input-statement > LINE INPUT input-modifier-list? string-variable-list
        9. input-prompt         = (implementation-defined)
       10. input-reply          = data-list comma? end-of-line
       11. line-input-reply     = character* end-of-line
       At most one prompt-specifier, one timeout-expression, and one time-inquiry shall oc- 
       cur in an input-modifier-list. These may occur in any sequence.
10.2.3 Examples 
        1. INPUT X
          INPUTA$ Y(2)
          INPUT PROMPT "What is your name? ": N$
          INPUT TIMEOUT 3*N, ELAPSED T, PROMPT Pstring$: N$
        8. LINE INPUT A$
          LINE INPUT PROMPT "": A$, B$
       10. 2, SMITH, -3 
          25, 0, -10.2
       11. He said, "Don't".
10.2.4 Semantics 
       Execution of input-statement shall cause execution of the program to be suspended un- 
       til a valid input-reply, as specified below, has been supplied. An input-statement 
       shall cause variables in the variable-list to be assigned, in order, values from the 
       input-reply.
       In interactive mode,the user of the program shall be informed of the need to supply 
       data by the output of an input-prompt.
       Input modifier list 
       If a prompt-specifier is present in the input-statement, then the implementation- 
       defined input-prompt shall not be output; instead, the value of the string-expression 
       in the prompt-specifier shall be output (unless the input-reply is terminated by a 
       comma, see below). In batch mode, the input-reply shall be requested from the exter- 
       nal source by an implementation-defined means.
       If a timeout-expression is present in an input-modifier-list, then the numeric-time- 
       expression contained therein shall be evaluated to obtain a (possibly fractional) 
       number S of seconds. If no valid input-reply or line-input-reply has been supplied 
       within S seconds, then an exception shall occur. A time-inquiry returns the (possibly 
       fractional) number of seconds elapsed between the issuance of the input-prompt and 
       the reception of the end-of-line of the last input-reply for this input-statement. 
       This value is assigned to the numeric-variable in the time-inquiry. If no clock is 
       provided by an implementation, then a timeout-expression shall have no effect. If a

                                           - 79 -




        clock is provided, a time-inquiry result shall always be positive. If no clock is 
        provided, a time-inquiry result shall be -1. The values (minimum and maximum) and 
        resolution of both timeout expressions and time-inquiries are implementation-defined.
        Assignment of Values 
        The assignment of a value from the input-reply to the corresponding variable shall 
        take place as soon as an item of data in the input-reply has been validated with re- 
        spect to the type of the datum and the allowable range of values for that datum.
        Subscripts and substring-qualifiers in a variable-list or string-variable-list shall 
        be evaluated after values have been assigned to the variables preceding them (i.e., 
        to the left of them) in the variable-list or string-variable-list.
        The type of each datum in the input-reply shall correspond to the type of the vari- 
        able to which it is to be assigned; i.e., numeric-constants shall be supplied as in- 
        put for numeric-variables, and either string-constants or unquoted-strings shall be 
        supplied as input for string-variables. An unquoted-string which is also a numeric- 
        constant may be assigned to either a string-variable or a numeric-variable by an 
        input-statement.
        If the evaluation of a numeric datum causes an underflow, then its value shall be re- 
        placed by zero.
        If an input-reply supplied in response to a request for input does not end with a 
        comma, then the number of data in all the input-replies submitted shall equal the 
        number of variables requiring values.
        If the last character other than a space before the end-of-line in an input-reply is 
        a comma, then this shall be taken to signify that further data are to be supplied. As 
        many values as are contained in that input-reply shall be assigned to variables in 
        the variable-list. The input-prompt (but not the string-expression of the prompt- 
        specifier, if there is one) shall then be reissued, and execution of the program 
        shall remain suspended until another valid input-reply has been supplied, from which 
        further data shall be obtained.
        When a line-input-statement is executed, a line-input-reply shall be requested for 
        each string-variable in the string-variable-list in the same fashion as an input- 
        reply is requested. That is, the value of the first line-input-reply shall be as- 
        signed to the first variable in the variable-list. If there are further variables in 
        the variable-list, the input-prompt (but not the string-expression of the prompt- 
        specifier, if there is one) shall then be reissued, and execution of the program 
        shall remain suspended until a second valid line-input-reply has been supplied and 
        assigned to the second variable in the variable-list. This process continues until a 
        valid line-input-reply has been supplied for each variable in the variable-list. The 
        characters of each line-input-reply, including any leading and trailing spaces, shall 
        be concatenated to form a single string, which shall become the value of the corre- 
        sponding string-variable, except that the end-of-line, which terminates a line-input- 
        reply, shall not be included. Quotation marks within a line-input-reply are treated 
        as actual characters. Thus, two adjacent quotation-marks are taken as two characters, 
        not as one.
10.2.5 Exceptions 
        - The line supplied in response to a request for an input-reply is not a syntacti-
          cally correct input-reply (8102, nonfatal: request that a new input-reply be sup- 
          plied
        - A datum supplied as input for a numeric-variable is not a numeric-constant (8103,
          nonfatal: request that the current input-reply be resupplied).

                                 - 80 -




      - There are insufficient data in an input-reply not containing a final comma (8002, 
        nonfatal: request that the current input-reply be resupplied).
      - There are too many data in an input-reply or there are just enough data and the 
        input-reply ends with a comma (8003, nonfatal: request that the current input- 
        reply be resupplied).
      - The evaluation of a numeric datum causes an overflow (1007, nonfatal: request that 
        the current input-reply be resupplied).
      - The assignment of a datum or a line-input-reply to a string-variable results in a 
        string overflow (1054, nonfatal: request that the current input-reply or line- 
        input-reply be resupplied).
      - The value of a numeric-time-expression is less than zero (8402, fatal).
      - A valid input-reply or line-input-reply has not been supplied within the number of 
        seconds specified by a timeout-expression in an input-modifier-list (8401, fatal).
10.2.6 Remarks 
      This Standard requires that users in the interactive mode always be given the option 
      of resupplying erroneous input-replies; in batch mode this may be treated as a fatal 
      exception. This Standard does not require an implementation to provide facilities for 
      correcting erroneous input-replies, though such facilities may be provided.
      It is recommended tat the default input-prompt consist of a question-mark followed by 
      a single space.
      This Standard does not require an implementation to output (i.e. echo) an input-reply 
      or line-input-reply.
      Implementations may choose to treat underflows as exceptions (1507, nonfatal: supply 
      zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementation, this permits interception by exception 
      handlers.
      If an input datum is an unquoted-string, leading and trailing spaces are ignored (see 
      4.1). If it is a quoted-string, then all spaces between the quotation-marks are sig- 
      nificant (see 6.1).
10.3 Output
10.3.1 General Description
      The print-statement is designed for generation of tabular output in a consistent for- 
      mat. The set-statement with MARGIN can be used to specify the width of output-lines. 
      The set-statement with ZONEWIDTH can be used to specify the width of print zones 
      within a print-line. The ask-statement is used to inquire about the current MARGIN 
      and ZONEWIDTH. Generalizations of the print-statement are described in 10.4, 10.5, 
      and 11.3.
10.3.2 Syntax
       1. print-statement     > PRINT print-list
       2. print-list          = (print-item? print-separator)* print-item? 
       3. print-item          = expression / tab-call
       4. tab-call            = TAB left-parenthesis index right-parenthesis 
       5. print-separator     = comma / semicolon
       6. set-statement       = SET set-object
       7. set-object          > (MARGIN / ZONEWIDTH) index
       8. ask-statement       > ASK ask-io-list
       9. ask-io-list         = ask-io-item comma ask-io-item)*
      10. ask-io-item         = (MARGIN / ZONEWIDTH) numeric-variable

                  - 81 -




   A given ask-io-item must appear at most once in an ask-statement. 
10.3.3 Examples 
   1. PRINT X
    PRINT X, Y
    PRINT X, Y, Z, 
    PRINT ,, X
    PRINT
    PRINT "X EQUALS", 10 
    PRINT X, (Y+Z)/2
    PRINT TAB(10); A$ "IS DONE."
   6. SET MARGIN 120 
    SET ZONEWIDTH 20
10.3.4 Semantics 
   The execution of a print-statement shall generate a string of characters and end-of- 
   lines for transmission to an external device. This string of characters shall be de- 
   termined by the successive evaluation of each print-item and print-separator in the 
   print-list.
   If an expression in a print-list invokes a function which causes a print-statement to 
   be executed which transmits characters to the same device as the original print- 
   statement, then the effect is implementation-defined.
   PrintinE numeric values 
   Numeric-expressions shall be evaluated to produce a string of characters consisting 
   of a leading space if the number is positive, or a leading minus-sign if the number 
   is negative, followed by the decimal representation of the absolute value of the num- 
   ber and a trailing space. The possible decimal representations of a number are the 
   same as those described for numeric-constants in 5.1 and shall be used as follows.
   Each implementation shall define two quantities, a significance-width d to control 
   the number of significant decimal digits printed in numeric representations, and an 
   exrad-width e to control the number of digits printed in the exrad component of a nu- 
   meric representation. The value of d shall be at least six and the value of e shall 
   be at least two.
   Each expression whose value is exactly an integer and which can be represented with d 
   or fewer decimal digits shall be output using the implicit point unscaled representa- 
   tion.
   All other values shall be output using either explicit point unscaled representation 
   or explicit point scaled representation. Values which can be represented with d or 
   fewer digits in the unscaled representation no less accurately than they can in the 
   scaled representation shall be output using the unscaled representation. For example, 
   if d = 6, then 10-(-6) is output as .000001 and 10-(-7) is output as 1.E-7.
   Values represented in the explicit point unscaled representation shall be output with 
   up to d significant decimal digits and a period; trailing zeros in the fractional 
   part may be omitted. A number with a magnitude less than 1 shall be represented with 
   no digits to the left of the period. This form requires up to d+3 characters counting 
   the sign, the period and the trailing space. Values represented in the explicit point 
   scaled representation shall be output in the format
      significand E sign integer
   where the value x of the significand is in the range 1 < x < 10 and is to be repre- 
   sented with exactly d digits of precision, and where the exrad component has one to e 
   digits. Trailing zeros may be omitted in the fractional part of the significand and

                - 82 -




leading zeros may be omitted from the exrad. A period shall be printed as part of the 
significand. This form requires up to d+e+5 characters counting the two signs, the 
period, the "E" and a trailing space.
Printing string values 
String-expressions shall be evaluated to generate the corresponding string of charac- 
ters.
Print separators and tabs 
The evaluation of the semicolon separator shall generate the null string, i.e., 
string of zero length.
The evaluation of a tab-call or a comma separator depends upon the string of charac-  
ters already generated by the current or previous print-statements. The "current 
line" is the (possibly empty) string of characters generated since the beginning of 
execution or since the last end-of-line was generated.
The "columnar position" of the current line is the print position that will be occu-  
pied by the next character output to that line. Print positions shall be numbered 
consecutively from the left, starting with position one. Each time a character in po- 
sitions 2/0 through 7/14 of the standard character set is generated, the columnar po- 
sition shall be increased by one. Each time an end-of-line is generated, the columnar 
position shall be reset to one. The effect of other characters on the columnar posi-  
tion is implementation-defined.
The "margin" is the maximum columnar position in which a character may appear. Prior  
to execution of a set-statement with MARGIN, the margin shall be implementation- 
defined, but must be not less than the default zone width. A margin of MAXNUM shall 
indicate that the columnar position may be arbitrarily large.
Each print-line is divided into a fixed number of print zones where the number of 
zones and the length of each zone is implementation-defined. All print zones, except  
possibly the last one on a line, which may be shorter, shall have the same width. The 
default width of a zone shall be at least d+e+6 print positions. The zone width may 
be changed by the execution of a set-statement with ZONEWIDTH. ZONEWIDTH may be set 
to any value greater than zero, but not greater than the current margin.
The purpose of the tab-call is to set the columnar position of the current line to 
the specified value prior to printing the next print-item. More precisely, the argu-  
ment of the tab-call shall be evaluated and rounded to the nearest integer n. If n is 
less than one, an exception shall occur. If n is greater than the margin m, then n 
shall be reduced by an integral multiple of m so that it is in the range 1 < n < m; 
i.e., n shall be set equal to MOD(n-1,m) + 1.
If the columnar position of the current line is less than or equal to n, then spaces  
shall be generated, if necessary, to set the columnar position to n; if the columnar  
position of the current line is greater than n, then an end-of-line shall be gener- 
ated followed by n-1 spaces to set the columnar position of the new current line 
to n.
The evaluation of the comma print-separator depends upon the columnar position. If 
this position is neither in the last print zone on a line nor beyond the margin, then 
one or more spaces shall be generated to set the columnar position to the beginning 
of the next print zone on the line. If the initial columnar position is in the last 
print zone on a line, then an end-of-line shall be generated. Finally, if the initial 
columnar position is beyond the margin (as it would be if evaluation of the last 
print-item exactly filled the line), then an end-of-line shall be generated.

                                    - 83 -




      Overlength output lines 
      Whenever the columnar position is greater than one and the generation of the next 
      print-item would cause a character to appear beyond the margin, then an end-of-line 
      shall be generated prior to the characters generated by that print-item.
      During the generation of a print-item, whenever that generation would cause a charac- 
      ter to appear beyond the margin, an end-of-line shall be generated prior to that 
      character, resetting the columnar position to one.
      End of print-list 
      When evaluation of a print-list is completed, if that print-list did not end with a 
      print-separator, then a final end-of-line shall be generated; otherwise, no such fi- 
      nal end-of-line shall be generated.
      A completely empty print-list shall generate an end-of-line, thereby completing the 
      current line of output. If this line contained no characters, then a blank line shall 
      result.
      Setting the margin
      Execution of a set-statement with a MARGIN shall cause its index to be evaluated and 
      to become the new margin. The change in the margin shall take effect immediately, 
      even if a line of output is partially filled. The set-statement with a MARGIN affects 
      only unformatted output.
      Setting the zone width
      Execution of a set-statement with a ZONEWIDTH shall cause its index to be evaluated 
      and to become the new zone width. The change in the zone width shall take effect im- 
      mediately, even if a line of output is partially filled. The set-statement with a 
      ZONEWIDTH affects only unformatted output.
      Ask-statement
      Execution of an ask-statement shall cause the variables in the ask-io-list to be as- 
      signed values corresponding to the current margin, if MARGIN is present, or current 
      zonewidth, if ZONEWIDTH is present. If the columnar position may be arbitrarily 
      large, then the value MAXNUM shall be returned to the numeric-variable in the ask- 
      statement with MARGIN.
10.3.5 Exceptions 
      - The value of the index in a tab-call is less than one (4005, nonfatal: supply one 
        and continue).
      - The value of the index in a set-statement with a MARGIN is less than the current 
        zonewidth (4006, fatal).
      - The value of the index in a set-statement with a ZONEWIDTH is less than one or 
        greater than the current margin (4007, fatal).
10.3.6 Remarks 
      The character string generated by printing the value of a numeric-expression contains 
      a single trailing space. If the generation of that space would cause the columnar po- 
      sition to exceed the margin by more than one, then implementations may choose not to 
      generate that space, thereby allowing the number to be printed in the final print 
      zone on a line.

                                   - 84 -




       Implementations may choose to use a lower-case "e" in printing numerical values using 
       the explicit point scaled representation.
       The print-separator following a tab-call is significant in the same manner that it is 
       significant following an expression.
10.4 Formatted Output 
 10.4.1 General Description
       A print-statement may control the format of output by specifying an image to which 
       that output must conform. The image is specified either within the print-statement or 
       in a separate image-line.
 10.4.2 Syntax 
        1. print-statement     > PRINT formatted-print-list
        2. formatted-print-list= USING image (colon output-list)? 
        3. image               = line-number / string-expression
        4. output-list         = expression (comma expression)* semicolon?
        5. image-line          = line-number IMAGE colon format-string end-of-line
        6. format-string       = literal-string (format-item literal-string)* 
        7. literal-string      = literal-item*
        8. literal-item        = letter / digit / apostrophe / colon / equals-sign / 
                                exclamation-mark / left-parenthesis / 
                                question-mark / right-parenthesis /
                                semicolon / slant / space / underline 
        9. format-item          (justifier? floating-characters (i-format-item / 
                                f-format-item / e-format-item)) / justifier
       10. justifier           = greater-than-sign / less-than-sign
       11. floating-characters = (plus-sign* / minus-sign) dollar-sign? / dollar-sign* 
                                (plus-sign / minus-sign)?
       12. i-format-item       = digit-place digit-place* (comma digit-place 
                                digit-place*)*
       13. digit-place         = asterisk / number-sign / percent-sign
       14. f-format-item       = period number-sign number-sign* / i-format-item 
                                period number-sign*
       15. e-format-item       = (i-format-item / f-format-item) circumflex-accent 
                                circumflex-accent circumflex-accent 
                                circumflex-accent*
       An image which is a line-number shall refer to an image-line in the same program- 
       unit. Any leading spaces following the colon in an image-line are part of the format- 
       string.
       All digit-places in an i-format-item shall be the same character, i.e., all shall be 
       number-signs, all shall be percent-signs, or all shall be asterisks.
 10.4.3 Examples 
       10 LET sum = 20
       20 PRINT USING "The answer is ###.#": sum 
       produces       "The answer is  20.0".
       30 PRINT USING 40: 342, 42.021
       40 IMAGE : RATE OF LOSS #### EQUALS ####.## POUNDS 
       produces  "RATE OF LOSS  342 EQUALS   42.02 POUNDS".
       10 LET A$ = "<##### ####.#### ####. ####^^^^" 
       20 PRINT USING A$: 1, 1, 1
       produces    "     1    1.0000 1000. 0000E-03".

                                         - 85 -




       60 PRINT USING 70: "ONE", "TWO", "THREE" 
       70 IMAGE : Z<####>#### ########Z
       produces  "ZONE    TWO   THREE Z".
       80 LET A$ = "Pay $**.## on ### %% 19%%" 
       90 PRINT USING A$: 1, "May", 2, 83 
       produces    "Pay $*1.00 on May 02 1983".
       10 PRINT USING "<%%.## >---$##.## $$$+***": 3.1, -1234.567, 2 
       produces       "003.10  -$1234.57   $+**2".
       10 PRINT USING "<$$$$.## $$$$.###^^^^^": -.02, -.02
       produces       "   $-.02   $-.200E-001".
       10 PRINT USING "$***,***.##": 1234.7777 
       produces       "$**1,234.78".
10.4.4 Semantics 
       A print-statement with a formatted-print-list identifies a format-string to be used 
       to control the output generated by the evaluation of the output-list. If the image is 
       specified via a line-number, then the format-string is contained in the image-line 
       with the indicated line-number; otherwise, it is the value of the string-expression.
       Format string analysis 
       The selected format-string shall be analyzed as a number of format-items separated by 
       possibly zero-length literal-strings.
       Format-items shall be found within the format-string by scanning the latter from left 
       to right. A search shall be made for the first character which is the start of a syn- 
       tactically correct format-item, and the longest such format-item starting at that 
       character identified. The scan for format-items shall continue in this way up to the 
       end of the format-string, the search for the start of each new format-item beginning 
       at the character immediately beyond the previously identified format-item. Corre- 
       sponding to each format-item shall be an output field whose length equals the number 
       of characters in the format-item (including the justifier, floating-characters, 
       digit-places, commas, period, number-signs, and circumflex-accents). Characters which 
       are not part of any format-item shall be literal-items.
       Format-strings which are defined in image-lines shall be interpreted as ending with 
       the last character in the line which is not a space or end-of-line.
       Literal strings and output fields 
       A sequence of values to be output shall be generated by evaluating each expression in 
       the output-list in sequence. As each value is generated, the literal-string preceding 
       the next format-item in the format-string shall first be copied unchanged into the 
       string of characters being generated. Then a number of characters equal to the length 
       of the output field determined by that format-item shall be generated, as follows.
       Formatted numeric output
       Numeric values shall be rounded and represented in a manner corresponding to the 
       format-item used. If a justifier is present in the format-item, it shall be replaced 
       by the character immediately to its right. If, however, the character to its right is 
       a period, or if there is no character to its right, then the justifier shall be re- 
       placed by a number-sign.
       First, a representation for the magnitude of the value shall be generated.
       - For an i-format-item, the value shall be rounded to the nearest integer and repre-
         sented using implicit point unscaled notation.

                             - 86 -





- For an f-format-item, the value shall be represented using explicit point unscaled 
  notation, rounding the representation or extending it on the right with zeros in 
  accordance with the number of number-signs following the period in the format- 
  item.
- For both i-format-items and f-format-items, leading zeros to the left of the im- 
  plicit or explicit decimal point shall not be generated, unless this results in no 
  digits being generated. In that case, the character "0" shall be generated immedi- 
  ately to the left of the explicit or implicit decimal point. After this, if there 
  remain unfilled digit-places, then leading zeros shall be generated in the integer 
  or to the left of the period when a percent-sign is used as a digit-place, leading 
  asterisks when an asterisk is used as a digit-place, and leading spaces when a 
  number-sign is used as a digit-place, such that the number of characters to the 
  left of the implicit or explicit decimal point is equal to the number of digit- 
  places in the format-item.

- For an e-format-item, the value shall be represented using explicit or implicit
  point scaled notation, corresponding to the use of an f-format-item or i-format- 
  item, respectively, within the e-format-item. The significand for nonzero values 
  shall be scaled by powers of ten such that the leftmost digit-place or number-sign 
  position is occupied by a nonzero digit. In all other respects, the significand 
  shall be generated according to the above rules for i-format-items and f-format- 
  items. The number of circumflex-accents in an e-format-item shall determine the 
  number of characters in the exrad. The first of these characters shall be the let- 
  ter E, the next a mandatory sign, and the remaining characters the representation 
  of the magnitude of the exrad, with leading zeros being generated so that the num- 
  ber of characters in the exrad equals the number of circumflex-accents in the 
  format-item. If the exponent is zero, the mandatory sign is positive; the exponent 
  of zero is zero.

Second, commas shall be inserted in the numeric representation wherever a comma oc- 
curs in the format-item, provided at least one digit has been generated to the left 
of the point of insertion; if no digit has been generated to the left of this point, 
then an asterisk shall be inserted if the digit-place immediately to the left is an 
asterisk, and a space inserted if the digit-place immediately to the left is a 
number-sign.

Third, leading characters composed of sign, dollar-sign, and space shall be generated 
according to the following table:

   Floating-characters  Leading Characters Generated

   First*       Last    Non-negative   Negative
     -            $         " $"         "-$"
     $            -         "$ "         "$-"
     -           none       " "          "-"
     +           $          "+$"         "-$"
     $           +          "$+"         "$-"
     +           none       "+"          "-"
     $           none       "$"          "$-"
    none         none       ""           "-"

   * may be several occurrences

Finally, the representation of the numeric value so generated shall be extended by 
spaces on the left so that its length equals that of the format-item. This has the 
effect of right-justifying a numeric-representation in an output field.

                          - 87 -




    Formatted string output
    A string value may be output using any type of format-item. The string shall be ex- 
    tended by spaces so that its length equals that of the format-item. These space shall 
    be added on the left (for right-justification) if the format-item begins with a 
    greater-than-sign, on the right (for left-justification) if it begins with a less- 
    than-sign, and equally on either side (for centering) otherwise; if the number of 
    spaces required in the last case is odd, the extra space shall be added on the right.
    Formatted Output Completion
    If the number of values to be output exceeds the number of format-items in the 
    format-string, an end-of-line shall be generated each time the end of the format- 
    string is reached and the format-string reused for the remaining expressions. If 
    format-items remain in the format-string after all values have been output, then the 
    next literal-string, if any, shall be output. Generation of characters is always ter- 
    minated beginning at the first unused format-item. Finally, an end-of-line shall be 
    generated after all other character generation is completed, unless the output-list 
    ends with a semicolon, in which case no such end-of-line shall be generated.
    The current margin shall not affect the output; in particular, no end-of-line shall 
    be generated upon formatted output just because the margin is exceeded. If the execu- 
    tion of a program reaches an image-line, it shall proceed to the next line with no 
    further effect.
10.4.5 Exceptions 
    - An invalid format-string is specified in a formatted-print-list (8201, fatal).
    - A formatted-print-list contains an output-list, but there is no format-item in the 
      format-string (8202, fatal).
    - An output string, whether generated from a string-expression or a numeric- 
      expression, is longer than its corresponding format-item (8203, nonfatal: fill the 
      output field with asterisks, report the unformatted representation of the value on 
      the next line, and continue printing on the following line in a position identical 
      to the position which would have resulted if no exception had occurred).
    - The exrad for numeric output exceeds the space allocated by circumflex-accents in a 
      format-item (8204, nonfatal: fill the output field with asterisks, report the un- 
      formatted representation of the value, and continue).
10.4.6 Remarks 
    Since format-strings may be evaluated dynamically, errors in them (even if occurring 
    in an image-line and therefore statically determined) may be treated as exceptions.
    Implementations may choose to use a lower case ue" in printing numerical values using 
    the explicit point scaled representation.
    The integer part of a number generated with an i-format-item or f-format-item may 
    validly contain more digits than there are digit-places in the format-item, as long 
    as the floating-characters provide sufficient room.
    Negative numeric values always generate a minus-sign. The corresponding format-item 
    must provide room for this minus-sign with floating-characters, since digit-places 
    are completely filled by digits, or by leading spaces, zeros, or asterisks. In par- 
    ticular, a format-item with no floating-characters, or with only a single dollar-sign 
    as a floating-character, will cause exception 8203 if an attempt is made to fill that 
    field with a negative value.

                                      - 88 -




10.5 Array Input and Output 
 10.5.1 General Description
       Statements are provided which enable entire arrays to be input or output. These 
       statements generalize the input and output statements which manipulate single values 
       (see 10.1 to 10.4).
 10.5.2 Syntax
        1. array-read-statement   > MAT READ (missing-recovery colon)? redim-array-list
        2. redim-array-list       = redim-array (comma redim-array)*
        3. redim-array            = array-name redim?
        4. array-input-statement  > MAT INPUT input-modifier-list? (redim-array-list / 
                                   variable-length-vector)
        5. variable-length-vector = array-name left-parenthesis question-mark 
                                   right-parenthesis
        6. array-line-input-statement> MAT LINE INPUT input-modifier-list? 
                                   redim-string-array-list
        7. redim-string-array-list = redim-string-array (comma redim-string-array)*
        8. redim-string-array     = string-array redim?
        9. array-print-statement  > MAT PRINT (array-print-list / (USING image colon 
                                   array-output-list))
       10. array-print-list       = array-name (print-separator array-name)* 
                                   print-separator?
       11. array-output-list      = array-name (comma array-name)* semicolon?
       A redim and the array in its redim-array shall have the same number of dimensions. 
       A variable-length-vector must be one-dimensional.
 10.5.3 Examples 
       1. MAT READ A
          MAT READ A(M,N), B 
       4. MAT INPUT A$(3,4) 
          MAT INPUT X(?)
          MAT INPUT PROMPT "Enter data: ": X(?)
       8. MAT LINE INPUT A$
       9. MAT PRINT A; B, C;
 10.5.4 Semantics 
       The array read statement 
       Execution of an array-read-statement shall cause arrays in the redim-array-list to be 
       assigned, in order, values from the data sequence created by data-statements in the 
       program-unit containing that statement. Values shall be assigned to all elements in 
       each array in row major order, (i.e., the last subscript varying most rapidly, then 
       the next to last subscript, if any, etc.) with each successive value being obtained 
       from the datum in the data sequence indicated by the pointer for the sequence and the 
       pointer being advanced beyond that datum.
       The type of each datum in the data sequence shall correspond to the type of the 
       array-element to which it is to be assigned (see 10.1).
       If a redim is present then dynamic redimensioning shall take place before values are 
       assigned to the redimensioned array. The redimensioning shall be done according to 
       the rules for bounds in array-declarations. The values of the indices shall be used 
       as the new lower and upper bounds for the array. If an exception occurs when attempt- 
       ing to redimension an array, it shall retain its old dimensions. Redims in the redim-

                - 89 -




array-list shall be evaluated after values have been assigned to the arrays preceding 
them (i.e., to the left of them) in the redim-array-list.
The handling of insufficient data with or without a missing-recovery shall work as 
described in 10.1.
If the evaluation of a numeric datum causes an underflow then its value shall be re- 
placed by zero.
The array input statement
Execution of an array-input-statement shall cause execution of the program to be sus- 
pended until a valid input-reply, as specified below, has been supplied. An array- 
input-statement shall cause arrays in the redim-array-list to be assigned, in order, 
values from the input-reply. Values shall be assigned to all elements in each array 
in row major order.
In the interactive mode, the user of the program shall be informed of the need to 
supply data by the output of an input-prompt. The prompt is identical to that of the 
input-prompt of the input-statement.
The input-modifier-list, if present, shall work as described in 10.2.
The type of each datum in the input-reply shall correspond to the type of the array- 
element to which it is to be assigned.
If a redim is present then dynamic redimensioning shall take place as described above 
for the array-read-statement before values are assigned to the redimensioned array. 
Redims in the redim-array-list shall be evaluated after values have been assigned to 
the redim-arrays preceding them (i.e., to the left of them) in the redim-array-list.
If the recovery procedure for an input exception causes input data to be re-supplied 
to an array which was redimensioned after the original assignment of data to it, but 
before the exception occurred, the effect is implementation-defined. Data in response 
to a request for array input need not be supplied in a single input-reply. If the 
array-list has not been completely supplied with data and the input-reply contains a 
final comma, then the input-prompt shall be issued and a further input-reply shall be 
requested to obtain more data.
If the evaluation of a numeric datum causes an underflow then its value shall be re- 
placed by zero.
Input of variable length vectors 
If a variable-length-vector occurs in an array-input-statement, then as many data as 
are present in the input-reply (or sequence of input-replies up to and including the 
first which does not end with a comma) shall be supplied as input for that vector. 
Assignment of data shall begin with the current lower bound for the vector. After as- 
signment, the vector shall be redimensioned dynamically by setting the upper bound 
for its subscript equal to the subscript of the element receiving the last datum. The 
number of data values assigned to the variable-length-vector shall not exceed the 
original size for that vector as specified in its array-declaration.
The type of each datum in the input-reply shall correspond to the type of the array. 
The array-line-input-statement 
When an array-line-input-statement is executed, a line-input-reply shall be requested 
for each element of each string-array in the string-array-list in the same fashion 
that an input reply is requested and shall assign the entire contents of successive 
line-input-replies (excluding their end-of-lines) in row major order to elements of 
the string-arrays in the string-array-list. The number of line-input-replies re- 
quested shall equal the number of elements requiring values.

                               - 90 -


     In the interactive mode, the user of the program shall be informed of the need to 
     supply data by the output of an input-prompt.
     The input-modifier-list, if present, shall work as described in 10.2.
     If a redim is present then dynamic redimensioning shall take place as described above 
     for the array-read-statement before values are assigned to the redimensioned array. 
     Redims in the redim-string-array-list shall be evaluated after values have been as- 
     signed to the redim-string-arrays preceding them (i.e., to the left of them) in the 
     redim-string-array-list.
     The array print statement
     Execution of an array-print-statement shall cause the values of all elements in all 
     arrays in the array-print-list to be printed. An end-of-line shall be generated prior 
     to any characters generated by an array-print-statement if the current line of output 
     is nonempty.
     For an array-print-statement with an array-print-list, the characters generated for 
     transmission to an external device by the printing of a two-dimensional array are al- 
     most precisely those that would be generated if the elements in that array had been 
     listed, row by row, in the print-list of a print-statement, separated by the separa- 
     tor which follows the array-name in the array-print-list (or separated by a comma if 
     no separator follows the array name). The only additional characters generated shall 
     be an end-of-line each time a row of the array has been printed (if such an end-of- 
     line has not already been generated). A three-dimensional array shall be printed like 
     a series of two-dimensional arrays, one for each value of the first subscript, with 
     an extra end-of-line generated between each value of the first subscript. When a one- 
     dimensional array is printed, it shall be treated like a row-vector, and printed as 
     if it were a 1 x N array.
     Finally, an extra end-of-line shall be generated between the output for successive 
     arrays in an array-print-list.
     For an array-print-statement with an array-output-list, the characters generated for 
     transmission to an external device are exactly those that would be generated if the 
     elements of each array had been listed array by array, in row-major order, in the 
     output-list of a print-statement, using the same image as that in the array-print- 
     statement. No additional end-of-lines shall be generated. As with a print-statement 
     using an image, if there is no trailing semicolon in the array-output-list, a final 
     end-of-line shall be generated after all other output from the array-print-statement. 
     If there is such a semicolon, then this final end-of-line shall not be generated.
10.5.5 Exceptions 
     - The redim-array-list in an array-read-statement requires more data than are present 
       in the remainder of the data sequence and no missing-recovery has been specified 
       (8001, fatal).
     - An attempt is made to assign a value to an element of a numeric-array from a datum 
       in the data sequence which is not a numeric-constant (8101, fatal).
     - The assignment of a datum during execution of an array-read-statement results in a 
       string overflow (1053, fatal).
       The evaluation of a numeric datum in a data-list causes an overflow (1006, fatal).
     - The line supplied in response to a request for array input is not a syntactically
       correct input-reply (8102, nonfatal: request that a new input-reply be supplied).
     - A datum supplied as input for a numeric-array is not a numeric-constant (8103,
       nonfatal: request that the current input-reply be resupplied).

                                    - 91 -



      - There are insufficient data in an input-reply not containing a final comma (8002, 
        nonfatal: request that the current input-reply be resupplied).
      - There are too many data in an input-reply or there are just enough data and the
        input-reply ends with a comma (8003, nonfatal request that the current input-reply 
        be resupplied).
      - The evaluation of a numeric datum in an input-reply causes an overflow (1007,
        nonfatal: request that the current input-reply be resupplied).
      - The assignment of a string datum during execution of an array-input-statement or an 
        array-line-input-statement causes a string overflow (1054, nonfatal: request that 
        the current input-reply or line-input-reply be resupplied).
      - The total number of elements required for a redimensioned array exceeds the number 
        of elements reserved by the array's original dimensions (5001, fatal).
      - The first index in a redim-bounds is greater than the second index (6005, fatal).
      - A redim-bounds consists of a single index which is less than the default lower 
        bound in effect (6005, fatal).
      - A valid input-reply or line-input-reply has not been supplied within the number of 
        seconds specified by a timeout-expression in an input-modifier-list (8401, fatal).
      - The value of numeric-expression used as a time-expression is less than zero (8402, 
        fatal).
      - An invalid format-string is specified in an array-print-statement (8201, fatal).
      - An array-print-statement contains an array-output-list, but there is no format-item
        in the format-string (8202, fatal).
10.5.6 Remarks 
      This Standard does not require an implementation to output (i.e., echo) the input- 
      reply or line-input-reply.
      This Standard does not require an implementation to provide facilities for correcting 
      erroneous input-replies, though such facilities may be provided.
      Implementations may choose to treat underflows as exceptions (1507, nonfatal: supply 
      zero and continue). In BASIC-2 implementations, this permits interception by 
      exception handlers.

        - 92 -

11. FILES

                                  - 93 -




11. FILES
   Two different levels of file processing are defined for BASIC-1 and BASIC-2. The different 
   combinations of file organization and record types permitted for the two levels are de- 
   tailed below.
   The production rules permitted in BASIC-2 only are so identified. In the text, the usage of 
   indentation permits to distinguish the parts of the text valid for BASIC-1 only or for 
   BASIC-2 only from the parts of text valid for both levels. Although the features permitted 
   in BASIC-1 are a true subset of those permitted in BASIC-2, when the identification of 
   these features would be too difficult to present in a single text, this text is repeated 
   for each of the two levels and so identified.
   By convention, production rules referring to BASIC-1 and BASIC-2 are called core rules and 
   production rules referring only to BASIC-2 are called enhanced rules.
   Files are organized collections of data external to BASIC programs. They provide the user 
   with a means of saving data developed during execution of a program and then retrieving and 
   modifying that data during subsequent execution of BASIC programs. The process by which ex- 
   ternal data is transferred to or from a program is called input or output, respectively. An 
   implementation-defined means must be provided for the creation, preservation and retrieval 
   of files. Input and output operations to these files must perform as specified in this sec- 
   tion.
   This section describes the logical appearance of files and devices to a BASIC program. In 
   some cases, these attributes may reflect physical characteristics, but in general this 
   Standard makes no presumptions concerning the physical representation or organization of 
   files or devices.
   The meaning of certain terms used throughout this section is as follows. A "file element" 
   is an entity, a sequence of which constitutes a file. Thus, for keyed and sequential files, 
   a file element is a record, for relative files it is a record area, for stream files, it is 
   a value. Associated with each file during execution is a "file pointer", which always 
   uniquely identifies a particular file element upon completion of any statement, or points 
   to the end of file. If the pointer is at the beginning of the file, then it identifies the 
   first file element, if any. If a file is an empty sequence, then the beginning and end of 
   file are the same, and the pointer identifies this location. Whenever reference is made to 
   the "next" file element, it is understood that if none such exists, the end of file is sub- 
   stituted. For sequential, stream and keyed files, the "end of file" is the location immedi- 
   ately following the last file element. For relative files, the "end of file" immediately 
   follows the last existing record, and thus identifies an empty record area.
          BASIC-1 
          There are two kinds of file-organization: sequential and stream. A sequential
          file is a sequence of records. A stream file is a sequence of values.
          There are two kinds of record-type: display and internal. A display record is a 
          sequence of characters. An internal record is a sequence of typed values. Dis- 
          play records provide for the exchange of data between systems employing differ- 
          ent internal representations for numeric and string values, and also manipulate 
          data in human-readable form. Internal records provide for efficient manipulation 
          of data within a single system.
          The following combinations of file-organization and record-type are supported:
          - sequential display
          - sequential internal
          - stream internal
          All other combinations of file-organization and record-type are implementation- 
          defined.

                          - 94 -



There are five statements which operate on the file as a whole and are thus 
called "file operations": OPEN, CLOSE, ERASE, SET and ASK. There are five 
statements which apply to individual file elements and are known as "record 
operations": INPUT, PRINT, READ, WRITE and SET with pointer-control, including 
the variations using MAT and LINE. References to "INPUT operations", "WRITE 
operations", and so forth should be understood to include any of the statements 
using the keyword in question, e.g. "WRITE operations" includes WRITE and 
MAT WRITE. The five record operations can affect data within a file, variables 
within the program and the file pointer.
PRINT and WRITE affect file data and the pointer, READ and INPUT affect program 
variables and the pointer. SET with pointer-items obviously affects only the 
pointer.
BASIC-2 
There are four kinds of file-organization: sequential, stream, relative and 
keyed. Sequential and keyed files are sequences of records. A relative file is a 
sequence of record areas, each of which may or may not contain a record. A 
stream file is a sequence of values.
There are three kinds of record-type: display, internal and native. An internal 
record is a sequence of typed values. A native record is a sequence of fields, 
as described by a programme-specified template. Display records provide for the 
exchange of data between systems employing different internal representations 
for numeric and string values, and also manipulate data in human-readable form. 
Internal records provide for efficient manipulation of data within a single sys- 
tem. Native records provide for the exchange of data among different language 
processors within a single system.
The following combinations of file-organization and record-type are supported:
- sequential display
- sequential internal
- stream internal
- relative internal (enhanced internal)
- keyed internal (enhanced internal)
- sequential native (enhanced native)
- relative native (enhanced native)
- keyed relative (enhanced native)
All other combinations of file-organization and record-type are implementation- 
defined.
Within each subsection, the syntax rules for sequential display, sequential in- 
ternal and stream internal are presented first, followed by additional syntax 
productions which pertain to enhanced files. Some of the enhanced productions 
apply only to enhanced native files: these are preceded by an "N".
There are five statements which operate on the file as a whole and are thus 
called "file operations": OPEN, CLOSE, ERASE, SET and ASK. There are seven 
statements which apply to individual file elements and are known as "record 
operations": INPUT, PRINT, READ, WRITE, REWRITE, DELETE and SET with pointer- 
control, including the variations using MAT and LINE. References to "INPUT 
operations", "WRITE operations", and so forth should be understood to include 
any of the statements using the keyword in question, e.g. "WRITE operations" in- 
cludes WRITE and MAT WRITE. The seven record operations can affect data within a 
file, variables within the program and the file pointer. PRINT, WRITE, REWRITE 
and DELETE affect file data and the pointer, READ and INPUT affect program vari- 
ables and the pointer. SET with pointer-items affects only the pointer.

                                - 95 -




Devices 
Not all input or output is to or from a file, as defined above. An implementation may allow 
file processing statements to apply as well to devices, such as a terminal, a line printer 
or communications line.
When the term "file" is used throughout chapter 11, it should generally be understood to 
mean any source or destination of external data, i.e. either a true file or a device. In 
certain contexts where it is necessary to distinguish between the two, the terms "true 
file" and "Device"will be used for emphasis.
Devices differ from files in the following ways:
  It is implementation-defined whether data written to any given device is stored there and 
  may later be retrieved by input operations (see 11.1).
- It is implementation-defined whether a given device is erasable (see 11.1).
- RELATIVE and KEYED file-organizations are not allowed for devices (see 11.1). (not rele- 
  vant to BASIC-1)
- A device need not support all access modes (see 11.1).
- A device need not support the minimum record size of 132 (see 11.1). However, the 
  implementation must document the minimum record-size for each device supported.
- It is implementation-defined whether a given device has record-setter capability (see 
  11.2).
- It is implementation-defined what condition causes the data-found condition to be set 
  true or false for a given device (see 11.2).
- For interactive terminal devices only, the semantics of the input-control-items prompt- 
  specifier, timeout-expression, and time enquiry must be supported. The implementation 
  must define which devices, if any, are interactive terminal devices. The effect of these 
  input-control-items on other devices and on true files is implementation-defined (see 
  11.4).
- It is implementation-defined whether the following conditions are treated as fatal excep- 
  tions, as defined in 11, or as nonfatal, as defined in 10 (in which case the recovery 
  procedure is applied), when these conditions occur within INPUT operations on a device 
  (see 11.4).
    Section 11    Section 10        Condition
       8105        8102        Syntax error in input-reply
       8101        8103        Datum from a numeric-variable not
                               a numeric-constant
       8012        8002        Too few data in input-reply
       8013        8003        Too many data in input-reply
       1008        1007        Numeric overflow on input
       1105        1054        String overflow on input


The following tables provide an overview of the various file facilities. For the full spec- 
ifications, see 11.1 through 11.4.
- TABLE 1 FILE-ORGANIZATION VERSUS OPERATIONS AND RECORD-SErIERS.
  This table illustrates which combination of record operations and record-setter are le- 
  gal under a given file-organization, thus the organization is defined by the capabili- 
  ties of record manipulation it allows. Combinations of operations and record-setters 
  which do not appear in the table are syntax errors. Organizations permitted in BASIC-1 
  and BASIC-2 are identified by *, those permitted only in BASIC-2 are identified by **.

                          - 96 -





                 File Organization

Operation    SEQUENTIALSTREAMRELATIVE KEYED
   record-setter
  INPUT
   absent       *OK    *ID 2  **ID 2 **ID 2
   NEXT         *OK    *ID 2  **ID 2 **ID 2
   BEGIN        *OK    *ID 2  **ID 2 **ID 2
   END          *OK 4  *ID 2  **ID 2 **ID 2
   SAME         *OK    *ID 2  **ID 2 **ID 2
  PRINT
   absent       *OK    *ID 2   **ID 2**ID 2
   NEXT         *OK    *ID 2   **ID 2**ID 2
   BEGIN        *OK    *ID 2   **ID 2**ID 2
   END          *OK    *ID 2   **ID 2**ID 2
   SAME         *OK    *ID 2   **ID 2**ID 2
  READ
   absent       *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   NEXT         *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   BEGIN        *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   END          *OK 4   *OK 4   **OK  **OK
   SAME         *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   RECORD      **EX 1  **EX 1   **OK  **EX 1
   KEY         **EX 1  **EX 1   **EX 1**OK
  WRITE
   absent       *OK     *OK     **OK  **EX 3
   NEXT         *OK     *OK     **OK  **EX 3
   BEGIN        *OK     *OK     **OK  **EX 3
   END          *OK     *OK     **OK  **EX 3
   SAME         *OK     *OK     **OK  **EX 3
   RECORD      **EX 1  **EX 1   **OK  **EX 1,3
   KEY (exact) **ED( 1 **EX 1   **EX 1**OK
  REWRITE and DELETE
   absent      **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK  **OK
   NEXT        **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK  **OK
   BEGIN       **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK  **OK
   END         **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK 4**OK 4
   SAME        **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK  **OK
   RECORD      **ID 5  **ID 5   **OK  **EX 1
   KEY         **ID 5  **ID 5   **EX 1**OK
  SET with pointer-items
   absent       *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   NEXT         *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   BEGIN        *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   END          *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   SAME         *OK     *OK     **OK  **OK
   RECORD      **EX 1  **EX 1   **OK  **EX 1
   KEY         **EX 1  **EX 1   **EX 1**OK

                                         - 97 -

OK - Semantics defined by Standard  
EX - Exception
ID - Implementation-defined
* - BASIC-1 and BASIC-2


** - BASIC-2 only
Notes to the Table 1 
1. RECORD is valid only with RELATIVE files and KEY with KEYED files. (BASIC-2 only)
2. INPUT and PRINT are defined for record-type DISPLAY, and DISPLAY is defined only for  
   SEQUENTIAL.
3. WRITE to a KEYED file must specify an exact key search. (BASIC-2 only)
4. END implies that data-found will be false.
5. REWRITE and DELETE are implementation-defined for file-organizations other then  
   RELATIVE and KEYED. (BASIC-2 only)

- TABLE 2 RECORD OPERATIONS VS CONTROLS

This table illustrates which control features are allowed syntactically with the various  
operations. SET is only allowed with pointer-items. The permitted record setting are  
NEXT, BEGIN, END, SAME.

                                  CONTROLS
               record-setter  io-recovery        interpretation

                              missing  not       image   template
                                       missing
INPUT           *A             *A
PRINT           *A                      *A        *A
READ            *A             *A                         **A
WRITE           *A                      *A                **A
REWRITE        **A            **A
DELETE         **A            **A
SET             *A             *A       *A

A  = allowed
*  = BASIC-1 and BASIC-2  
** = BASIC-2 only

- TABLE 3 FILE-ORGANIZATION VS RECORD-TYPE

This table illustrates which combination of file-organization and record-type are defined  
by this standard.

Record-type
.
ORGANIZATION    DISPLAY    INTERNAL    NATIVE
SEQUENTIAL       *A         *A         **A
STREAM                      *A
RELATIVE                   **A         **A
KEYED                      **A         **A

A  = allowed
*  = BASIC-1 and BASIC-2  
** = BASIC-2 only

                                      - 98 -




11.1 File Operations 
 11.1.1 General Description
       There are four statements which affect a file as an entity. The open-statement makes 
       a file accessible to the program, establishing the connection between the file and 
       the program. Since the format for identifying files may vary with the operating sys- 
       tem, it is assumed only that with each file is associated a string of characters, 
       called its name, which identifies the file to the operating system. A file is identi- 
       fied within a program by the number of a channel through which it is accessed. The 
       close-statement terminates the accessibility effected by they open-statement. The 
       erase-statement deletes all or part of the data within a true file, but may have no 
       effect on a device. The ask-statement is used to inquire about the current status of 
       the file.
 11.1.2 Syntax 
       BASIC-1 and BASIC-2 
        1. open-statement         = OPEN channel-setter NAME file-name 
                                    file-attribute-list
        2. channel-setter         = channel-expression colon
        3. channel-expression     = number-sign index
        4. file-name              = string-expression
        5. file-attribute-list    = (comma file-attribute)*
        6. file-attribute         > core-file-attribute
        7. core-file-attribute    = access-mode / file-organization / record-type / 
                                    record-size
        8. access-mode            = ACCESS (INPUT / OUTPUT / OUTIN / string-expression)
        9. file-organization      = ORGANIZATION (file-organization-value 
                                    /string-expression)
       10. file-organization-value > core-file-org-value
       11. core-file-org-value    = SEQUENTIAL / STREAM
       12. record-type            = RECTYPE (record-type-value / string-expression)
       13. record-type-value      > core-record-type-value
       14. core-record-type-value = DISPLAY / INTERNAL
       15. record-size            = RECSIZE (VARIABLE / string-expression) (LENGTH 
                                    index)?
       16. close-statement        = CLOSE channel-expression
       17. erase-statement        = ERASE REST ? channel-expression
       18. ask-statement          > ASK channel-setter ask-item-list
       19. ask-item-list          = ask-item (comma ask-item)*
       20. ask-item               = ask-attribute-name variable variable*
       21. ask-attribute-name     > core-attribute-name
       22. core-attribute-name    = ACCESS / DATUM / ERASABLE / FILETYPE / MARGIN / NAME 
                                    / ORGANIZATION / POINTER / RECSIZE / RECTYPE / 
                                    SETTER / ZONEWIDTH
       BASIC-2 only
        23. file-organization-value > enhanced-file-org-value
        24. enhanced-file-org-value = RELATIVE / KEYED
       N25. record-type-value      > enhanced-record-type-value
       N26. enhanced-record-type-value= NATIVE
        27. file-attribute         > enhanced-file-attribute
        28. enhanced-file-attribute = collate-sequence
        29. collate-sequence       = COLLATE ( STANDARD / NATIVE / string-expression)
        30. ask-attribute-name     > enhanced-attribute-name
        31. enhanced-attribute-name = RECORD / KEY / COLLATE

                                   - 99 -




      A given file-attribute must appear at most once in a file-attribute-list. 
      A given ask-attribute-name must appear at most once in a ask-item-list.
      The number and types of variables in an ask-item must agree with the table below in 
      Semantics.
11.1.3 Examples 
       1. OPEN #3: NAME "myfile"
          OPEN #N: NAME A$, ACCESS OUTIN, ORGANIZATION STREAM, RECTYPE INTERNAL, RECSIZE 
          VARIABLE LENGTH N
          OPEN #N+1: NAME "MY" & F$, ORGANIZATION ORG$
      16. CLOSE #N
      17. ERASE #3 
          ERASE REST #4
      18. ASK #3: ACCESS AC$, DATUM DT$, NAME NM$, ORGANIZATION ORG$, POINTER P$, RECSIZE 
          RS$ NUMCHARS, RECTYP RT$
          ASK #N: KEY K$ 
11.1.4 Semantics 
      Files are accessed through channels to which they may be assigned during execution of 
      a program-unit. A channel is a logical path through which external data may be trans- 
      ferred to or from a BASIC program. Within a program-unit, a channel is identified by 
      a channel number local to that program-unit. The channel number is an integer from 0 
      up to and including some implementation-defined maximum. This maximum must be at 
      least 99. A file, identified by its file-name, is open if it is currently assigned to 
      a channel and closed otherwise. A channel is active if it currently has some file as- 
      signed to it and inactive otherwise. At the initiation of execution of a program, all 
      channels except channel zero shall be inactive. Channel zero shall always be active. 
      Execution of the open-statement, close-statement, or erase-statement (see below) for 
      channel zero shall cause a nonfatal exception.
      Input and output from and to channel zero shall have the same source and destination 
      as input-statements and print-statements which do not contain channel-expressions. 
      Channel zero shall behave as a device with the file-attributes sequential, display, 
      and outin, and without record-setter or erase capability.
      Open-statement 
      The open-statement makes the file identified by the file-name accessible to the pro- 
      gram through the channel number specified in the channel-expression. It is 
      implementation-defined whether file names differing only in the case of the letters 
      (upper or lower) denote the same file or different files. Following a successful 
      open-statement, the associated channel shall be active and the file open. An attempt 
      to open a file on a channel which is already active causes an exception. The effect 
      of attempting to open a file which is already open is implementation-defined. The 
      number of channels other than channel zero which may be active simultaneously is at 
      least one.
      After a successful open, a true file shall be accessible in accordance with the asso- 
      ciated file-attributes, whether explicitly specified or in effect by default. This 
      accessibility consists of the ability to perform certain operations and manipulate 
      the file pointer in certain ways. See the preceding section for an overview of which 
      statements are allowed under which attributes. If an attempt is made to OPEN a file 
      which cannot be made accessible with the requested attributes (i.e., if not all the 
      associated operations can be successfully executed for this file), then an exception 
      results.

                          - 100 -




For a device, a successful open guarantees that, with two exceptions, all the file 
processing statements will have the same effects as for a true file. In particular, 
on output, the same data will be generated, and on input, values and characters will 
be interpreted and assigned to variables in the same way. A device, however, might 
not support the semantics associated with the recorder-setter (see Section 11.2) or 
the erase-statement (below). The ask-statement may be used to determine whether a 
particular device supports these capabilities.
   BASIC-1 only
   If a file is opened successfully with a given file-organization, record-type, 
   and record-size, then closed, and then opened at a later time with a different 
   value for one of these file-attributes, then it is implementation-defined 
   whether the file is thus accessible. Also, for files with record-type INTERNAL, 
   if a different ARITHMETIC option is in effect for the two executions, it is 
   implementation-defined whether the file is thus accessible. Conversely, if a 
   true file is reopened at a later time with the same values for the file- 
   attributes mentioned and, for files with record-type INTERNAL, the same 
   ARITHMETIC option is in effect, and the user has employed the implementation- 
   defined means to preserve the file unchanged in the interim, then the file must 
   be accessible and the contents of the file faithfully preserved. Devices are not 
   required to preserve data. In the foregoing, "same ARITHMETIC option" refers to 
   DECIMAL or NATIVE.
   If a file with record-type INTERNAL opened in one program-unit is accessed by 
   another program-unit with a different ARITHMETIC option, the results are 
   implementation-defined.
   Implementations must provide true files for which all access-modes are avail- 
   able. Implementations may also support true files for which some access-modes 
   are not available. A device need not support all access-modes.
   Implementations conforming to this standard need only to accept and process the 
   following combinations of file-organization-value and record-type-value:
   - sequential display,
   - sequential internal, 
   - stream internal.
   The effect of the other combination is implementation-defined.
   When a string-expression is used as an attribute value, its value must be one of 
   the associated keywords for that attribute. Upper-case-characters and lower- 
   case-characters shall be treated as equivalent within such string values. Imple- 
   mentations may define additional file attribute values.
   BASIC-2 only
   If a file is opened successfully with a given file-organization, record-type, 
   and record-size, then closed, and then opened at a later time with a different 
   value for one of these file-attributes, then it is implementation-defined 
   whether the file is thus accessible. Also, for files with record-type INTERNAL 
   or NATIVE, if a different ARITHMETIC option is in effect for the two executions, 
   it is implementation-defined whether the file is thus accessible. Conversely, if 
   a true file is re-opened at a later time with the same values for the file- 
   attributes mentioned and, for files with record-type INTERNAL or NATIVE, the 
   same ARITHMETIC option is in effect, and the user has employed the 
   implementation-defined means to preserve the file unchanged in the interim, then 
   the file must be accessible and the contents of the file faithfully preserved. 
   Devices are not required to preserve data. In the foregoing, "same ARITHMETIC

                              - 101 -




    option" refers to DECIMAL, NATIVE or FIXED (see 15.1), not to the default 
    specification in the FIXED option. If a KEYED file is re-opened with a different 
    collate-sequence, an exception results.
    If a file with record-type INTERNAL or NATIVE opened in one program-unit is 
    accessed by another program-unit with a different ARITHMETIC option, the results 
    are implementation-defined.
    Implementations must provide true files for which all access-modes are avail- 
    able. Implementations may also support true files for which some access-modes 
    are not available. A device need not support all access-modes.
    Implementations conforming to this standard need only to accept and process the 
    following combinations of file-organization-value and record-type-value:
    - sequential display
    - sequential internal
    - stream internal
    - relative internal
    - keyed internal 
    - sequential native
    - relative native
    - keyed relative
    The effect of the other combinations is implementation-defined.
    When a string-expression is used as an attribute value, its value must be one of 
    the associated keywords for that attribute. Upper-case-characters and lower- 
    case-characters shall be treated as equivalent within such string values. Imple- 
    mentations may define additional file attribute values.
Access-mode
An access-mode specifies the direction in which data may be transferred from and to a 
file, either by one of the keywords INPUT, OUTPUT, or OUTIN, or by a string- 
expression whose value is one of these keywords.
If access-mode is INPUT, then it shall be possible to read data from the file, but 
not to change the file. In particular, READ, SET with pointer-items, and INPUT 
statements (including variations with MAT and LINE) are allowed, but not PRINT, 
WRITE, REWRITE or DELETE. REWRITE and DELETE apply only to BASIC-2.
If the access-mode is OUTPUT, then it shall be possible to add new data to the file, 
but not to change existing data in it, nor to retrieve data from it. In particular, 
PRINT, SET with pointer-items, and WRITE are allowed, but not READ, INPUT , REWRITE 
or DELETE. REWRITE or DELETE apply only to BASIC-2.
If the access-mode is OUTIN, then all record-operations (including REWRITE and DELETE 
for BASIC-2) are allowed for the file.
The erase-statement shall be allowed only for a file with an access-mode of OUTIN.
If no access-mode is specified explicitly in the file-attribute-list, then the 
access-mode shall be OUTIN if the file can be both read and written INPUT if it can 
only be read, and OUTPUT if it can only be written. Channel zero shall behave as if 
opened with OUTIN.
For a file opened with access-mode OUTPUT, the pointer shall be set to the end of the 
file following the OPEN, otherwise, it shall be set to the beginning of file.

                               - 102 -




File-organization
The file-organization specifies the logical relationship between file elements, and 
the means by which the file pointer can be manipulated to identify the elements. The 
organization is specified with one of the keywords SEQUENTIAL, STREAM, RELATIVE or 
KEYED, or with a string-expression whose value is one of these keywords. Devices are 
accessed as either SEQUENTIAL or STREAM, RELATIVE and KEYED are allowed only for true 
files. RELATIVE and KEYED apply only to BASIC-2.
If no file-organization is explicitly specified in the open-statement, then the orga- 
nization shall be determined from available system information about the file. If 
such information is insufficient, the system shall attempt to open the file as 
SEQUENTIAL. Channel zero shall behave as if opened with SEQUENTIAL.
- A sequential file is a sequence of records. The order of the records is established 
  by the order in which they were written. Records can be added only to the end of 
  the file. The only means for identifying records with the file pointer is relative 
  to the current position of the pointer, and the two special locations BEGIN (which 
  identifies the first record in the sequence, if any), and END, immediately follow- 
  ing the last record (the only location where it is possible to add records). A 
  single record operation may affect several DISPLAY records, but only one INTERNAL 
  or, for BASIC-2, NATIVE record.
- A stream file is much like a sequential file, except that it is a sequence of indi- 
  vidual values, rather than of records. The order of values is established by the 
  order in which they were written. Values can be added only to the end of the file. 
  The only means for identifying values is relative to the current pointer position, 
  or BEGIN and END (specifying respectively, the first value, if any, in the se- 
  quence, and the location immediately following the last value). One record opera- 
  tion may typically read or write a contiguous series of values within a stream 
  file.
    BASIC-2 only
    - A relative file is a sequence of record-areas, each of which may or may not 
      contain a record. The record-areas are numbered sequentially beginning with 
      1. Thus the order of the record-areas and the records within them is estab- 
      lished by the identifying integer associated with each. The file pointer may 
      be manipulated with the use of this record number as well as by those means 
      provided for sequential files. For relative files, the beginning of file is 
      the first record-area, regardless of whether it contains a record. The end of 
      file immediately follows the last existing record. Thus if the highest exist- 
      ing record number is 44, end of file refers to record-area 45. If there are 
      no records in the file, end of file refers to record-area number 1. Records 
      within a relative file may not only be read and written, but also changed 
      (with REWRITE) and deleted (with DELETE). Moreover, records may be added, not 
      only at the end of file, but also at any empty record-area, including those 
      past the end of file. A record operation processes at most one record.
    - A keyed file is a sequence of records, each of which is identified by a string 
      called a key. The logical sequence of records is established by the collating 
      order of their keys. (See collate-sequence, below.) The file pointer may be 
      manipulated with respect to the keys, as well as by the means provided for 
      sequential files. As with sequential files, beginning of file refers to the 
      first existing record in the sequence (if any), and end of file refers to the 
      location immediately following the last record. Records may be added anywhere 
      within the sequence. An exact key, however, must always be specified for 
      record creation, and no duplicate keys are allowed. Records may also be read, 
      changed or deleted. A record operation processes at most one record.

                                - 103 -



Record-types 
A record-type specifies the logical representation of data within a record or as an 
individual file element. The record-type affects how data is interpreted and trans- 
formed when being transferred between a program and a file. A record-type is speci- 
fied with one of the keywords DISPLAY, INTERNAL or NATIVE or with a string-expression 
whose value is one of these keywords. NATIVE apply only for BASIC-2.
If no record-type is explicitly specified on the OPEN, the record-type is determined 
from available system information about the file. If such information is insuffi- 
cient, then the file shall be opened as DISPLAY. Channel zero behaves as if opened 
with DISPLAY.
- The display type specifies that a record is a sequence of characters. On output, 
  the characters are processed in accordance with the semantics of the PRINT 
  statement, and on input with those of the INPUT statement (see 10). READ and WRITE 
  are also allowed for display records; they follow the semantic rules for INPUT and 
  PRINT, respectively.
- The internal type specifies that a record is a sequence of typed values (or that 
  each file element is a value), in the same sense that a program variable contains 
  a value. The essential aspect of internal format is that (for a true file) values 
  are preserved and retrievable. Thus, if a numeric or string value is written from 
  a program variable, and later read into another variable, the two variables must 
  be strictly equal (assuming the original variable to be unchanged). Since INPUT 
  and PRINT statements are essentially character-oriented, they cause an exception 
  when used on a file opened as internal.
    BASIC-2 only
    - The native type specifies that a record is a sequence of fields, as described
      by a program-specified TEMPLATE. This TEMPLATE, in conjunction with the list 
      of operands of the associated record operation, specifies the size, type, 
      number, and order of fields within the record. This allows data in a file to 
      be put in a form suitable for exchange with other language processors which 
      have similar record specification capabilities. Values are preserved subject 
      to certain restrictions regarding the size of the fields in the record. As 
      with the internal type, INPUT and PRINT cause an exception when used on a 
      file opened as native.
Record-size
A record-size specifies the maximum length of records in a file. It is specified ex- 
plicitly with the keyword LENGTH.
Unless an enhancement to this Standard provides for fixed-length records, all files 
shall be composed of variable-length records, i.e., of records whose lengths are in- 
dependent of each other. The length of a record of type DISPLAY shall be the number 
of characters in that record. The length of records of other types (INTERNAL or, for 
BASIC-2 only, NATIVE) shall be implementation-defined. An attempt to perform a record 
operation for a record whose length exceeds the maximum set (either explicitly or by 
default) in the OPEN operation shall use an exception. A specified LENGTH index must 
be greater than zero.
If no record-size is explicitly specified in the open-statement, then the record-size 
is determined from available system information about the file. If such information 
is insufficient, then the file shall be opened as VARIABLE. If the index is omitted, 
then the maximum length of records shall be implementation-defined. Channel zero 
shall behave as if opened with VARIABLE and the length index omitted.
Implementations must support record-sizes of at least 132 for true files.

                       - 104 -




Collate-sequence (BASIC-2 only) 
The collate-sequence specifies, for a KEYED file, the collating sequence of the 
record keys. A collate-sequence is specified with one of the keywords STANDARD or 
NATIVE, or with a string-expression whose value is one of these keywords. Collate- 
sequence has meaning only for a KEYED file. For other file-organizations, it has no 
effect.
The collate-sequence of a file governs all record operations for that file and the 
file-operation ERASE. Thus, the logical appearance of the file, when operated on by 
READ, WRITE, REWRITE, DELETE, SET with pointer-control, ERASE and ASK must be in ac- 
cordance with the specified collate-sequence (see file-organization, above and 11.2).
The collate-sequences STANDARD and NATIVE imply exactly the same ordering as in the 
option-statement (see 6.6). Thus, if the collate-sequence associated with a file and 
a program-unit agree, it follows that an earlier key in the file will always compare 
as less than a later key. When the sequences disagree, this relationship may not 
hold. Nonetheless, it must be possible for a program-unit with a different collate- 
sequence to access a KEYED file; the collate-sequence affects only the logical order 
of the records, not their contents. Implementations with KEYED files must support 
both collate-sequences.
If no collate-sequence is specified in the open-statement, then the collate-sequence 
shall be determined from available system information about the file. If such infor- 
mation is insufficient, the system shall attempt to open the file with the same 
collate-sequence as that in effect for the program-unit containing the open- 
statement. Since channel zero has file-organization SEQUENTIAL (not KEYED), it has no 
associated collate-sequence.
Close-statement
Execution of a close-statement shall close the file assigned to the specified chan- 
nel, causing the channel to become inactive. If no file is assigned to the channel, 
no action occurs. Upon exit from an external-sub-def or external-function-def, any 
files opened by such a procedure whose channels are not formal parameters shall be 
closed. Upon program termination, any files still open shall be closed.
Erase-statement 
For a true file, execution of an erase-statement shall delete all or part of the data 
within the file assigned to the specified channel. The file-attributes associated 
with the file are not changed. If the REST option is omitted, then all file elements 
are deleted, the file becomes empty, and the file pointer points to the end of file 
(which is the same as the beginning file).
If the REST option is specified, then all file elements at or beyond the current lo- 
cation of the file pointer are deleted. All file elements preceding it are left un- 
changed. The file pointer is then set to end of file.
The erase-statement may not be effective for a device. The ask-statement can be used 
to determine if a device supports this capability.
An erase-statement executed for channel zero shall cause an exception, but no other 
effect shall occur.
An erase-statement is allowed only for a file opened with access-mode OUTIN. For 
other access-modes, there is no effect on the file and an exception results.
Ask-statement 
Execution of an ask-statement shall cause the variables in the ask-item-list to be 
assigned values corresponding to the attributes of the file currently assigned to the 
specified channel, as indicated in the following table. If the channel is inactive,

                         - 105 -




then all such string-variables shall be assigned the null string, and all such 
numeric variables shall be assigned O. In all cases below, A$ represents a string- 
variable and N represents a numeric-variable.
In BASIC-2 the following responses can be expected:
Ask-item
     Values
ACCESS A$
     The access-mode of the file, i.e., "INPUT", "OUTPUT", or "OUTIN". 
COLLATE A$
     The collate-sequence associated with a KEYED file, i.e. "STANDARD" or 
     "NATIVE". For file-organizations other than KEYED, the null string is as- 
     signed.
DATUM A$
     The type of the next datum in the file following the current pointer posi- 
     tion, i.e., "NUMERIC", "STRING", "NONE" (if no data follow), or "UNKNOWN" (if 
     it is impossible to determine the type or whether more data follow). DATUM is 
     well-defined only for STREAM INTERNAL files. For other file organizations, it 
     is implementation-defined.
ERASABLE A$
     "YES" or "NO" depending on whether or not this file is erasable, i.e., if the 
     ERASE statement can delete file elements.
FILETYPE A$
     "FILE" or "DEVICE" depending on whether this is a true file capable of pre- 
     serving data, or is a device.
KEY A$
     The key associated with the record identified by the file pointer in a keyed 
     file. If the pointer is at the end of file or if this is not a keyed file, 
     the null string is assigned.
MARGIN N
     The current margin for a display file (MAXNUM if the record may be of arbi- 
     trary length). If the file is not DISPLAY, zero is assigned.
NAME A$
     The name of the file assigned to the channel. 
ORGANIZATION A$
     The file-organization of the file, i.e., "SEQUENTIAL", "STREAM", "RELATIVE" 
     or "KEYED".
POINTER A$
     The current pointer position for the file, i.e., "BEGIN", "MIDDLE", or "END", 
     where MIDDLE shall mean neither BEGIN nor END, and END shall be the pointer 
     position for an file, or a position beyond the end, in the case of a RELATIVE 
     file. UNKNOWN may be returned in the case of devices for which an implemen- 
     tation cannot determine which of the above values is correct.

                      - 106 -




RECORD N
    The number of the record-area identified by the file-pointer. For non- 
    relative files, zero is assigned.
RECSIZE A$ N
    The record-size of the file, i.e. "VARIABLE" and the maximum length for its 
    records (MAXNUM if there is no effective limit on record-length, e.g., a com- 
    munication line).
RECTYPE A$
    The record-type for the file, i.e. "DISPLAY", "INTERNAL" or "NATIVE". 
SETTER A$
    "YES" or "NO" depending on whether or not this file has record-setter capa- 
    bility.
ZONEWIDTH N
    For DISPLAY files, the current zonewidth. For non-DISPLAY files, zero is re- 
    turned.
In BASIC-1, the following responses can be expected: 
ask-attribute   value
ACCESS          as BASIC-2
COLLATE         null string
DATUM           as BASIC-2
ERASABLE        as BASIC-2
FILE TYPE       as BASIC-2
KEY             null string
MARGIN          as BASIC-2
NAME            as BASIC-2
ORGANIZATION    SEQUENTIAL or STREAM
POINTER         as BASIC-2, except that END means an empty file
RECORD          zero
RECSIZE         as BASIC-2
RECTYPE         DISPLAY or INTERNAL
SETTER          as BASIC-2
ZONEWIDTH       as BASIC-2
The effect of executing an ask-statement for channel zero is as follows:
ask-attribute   value
ACCESS          OUTIN
COLLATE         null string
DATUM           UNKNOWN
ERASABLE        NO
FILETYPE        DEVICE
KEY             null string
MARGIN          current margin
NAME            implementation-defined
ORGANIZATION    SEQUENTIAL
POINTER         UNKNOWN
RECORD          zero
RECSIZE         VARIABLE MAXNUM
RECTYPE         DISPLAY
SEIIER          NO
ZONEWIDTH       current zonewidth

                                 - 107 -




11.1.5 Exceptions 
      - The value of a channel-expression is not between 0 and the implementation-defined
        maximum (7001, fatal).
      - Channel zero is specified in an open-statement, a close-statement, or an erase- 
        statement (7002, nonfatal do nothing and continue).
      - A nonzero channel specified in an open-statement is already active (7003, fatal).
      - A string-expression used to specify a file-attribute does not have a recognizable 
        value (7100, fatal).
      - Access to a file in an open-statement is not possible in accordance with the speci- 
        fied or default file-attributes (71xx fatal: the values and meanings for xx are 
        implementation-defined).
      - A KEYED file is re-opened with a different collate-sequence from that of an earlier 
        open (7050, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - A LENGTH index is not greater than zero (7051, fatal).
      - A device is opened as RELATIVE or KEYED (7052, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - A nonzero channel specified in an erase-statement is inactive (7004, fatal).
      - An erase-statement is used on a file which has not been opened as OUTIN (7301, 
        fatal).
      - An erase-statement is used on a device without erase capability which has been 
        opened with OUTIN (7311, nonfatal: do nothing and continue).
11.1.6 Remarks 
      It is recommended that implementations recognize as file-names at least those strings 
      of characters consisting of an upper-case-letter followed by at most three more 
      upper-case-letters or digits. It is also recommended that information required by the 
      operating system, for the purpose of protecting the security of files be considered 
      part of the file-name.
      It is recommended that implementations use the file-name to distinguish between the 
      opening of a true file, and opening of non-file devices, such as a communications 
      line or a line printer.
      It is recommended that the number of channels which may be active simultaneously be 
      at least four in addition to channel zero.
      It is recommended that the default maximum length of records in a file be infinite, 
      i.e., that records be allowed to be of any length.
      It is also recommended that record-size for INTERNAL and, for BASIC-2 only, NATIVE 
      files has a meaning comparable to that for DISPLAY, i.e., that it specifies the maxi- 
      mum number of characters or bytes within the record.
      Additional values may be returned by an ASK statement if an implementation supports 
      access-modes, file-organizations, record-types, record-sizes and collate-sequences in 
      addition to those specified in this Standard.
      If implementations return a status code following various file operations, it is rec- 
      ommended that this be made accessible through an additional ASK attribute to be 
      called IOSTAT which returns a single string value, e.g., "ASK IOSTAT S$" returns a 
      value in S$ reflecting the status of the file following the last attempted operation.
      The maximum length of a KEY is implementation-defined. (BASIC-2 only)

                                      - 108 -




11.2 File Pointer Manipulation 
 11.2.1 General Description
        The pointer for an open file can be altered in certain ways, without also performing 
        any data transfer. The rules for pointer manipulation with the set-statement with 
        pointer-items also apply when used in conjunction with other record operations.
 11.2.2 Syntax
        BASIC-1 and BASIC-2 
         1. set-object             > channel-setter pointer-items
         2. pointer-items          = (pointer-control / io-recovery / pointer-control 
                                     comma io-recovery)
         3. pointer-control        > POINTER core-record-setter
         4. record-setter          > core-record-setter
         5. core-record-setter     = BEGIN / END / SAME
         6. io-recovery            = missing-recovery / not-missing-recovery
         7. not-missing-recovery   = IF THERE THEN io-recovery-action
        BASIC-2 only (Enhanced Files productions):
         8. pointer-control        > enhanced-record-setter
         9. record-setter          > enhanced-record-setter
        10. enhanced-record-setter = RECORD index / KEY (exact-search / inexact-search) 
                                     string-expression
        11. exact-search           = equals-sign?
        12. inexact-search         = greater-than-sign / not-less
 11.2.3 Examples 
        1. SET #N: POINTER BEGIN, IF MISSING THEN EXIT DO 
           SET #3: RECORD N+1, IF MISSING THEN 1200
           SET #4: KEY ...Jones", IF THERE THEN EXIT DO
 11.2.4 Semantics 
        Execution of a set-statement with pointer-items shall set the pointer for the file 
        assigned to the specified channel. After the pointer has been set, an optional io- 
        recovery may take effect. The semantics associated with the record-setter and when 
        the io-recovery takes effect are uniform for all the record operations (see 11.3, 
        11.4 and, for BASIC-2, 11.5). If any of the exceptions listed below in 11.2.5 occurs, 
        the file pointer remains unchanged from its state before the SET with pointer- 
        control. A device may not be able to achieve the effect of a record-setter. The ask- 
        statement may be used to determine whether a device has record-setter capability.
        Record-setters 
            BASIC-1 
            An absent record-setter leaves the file pointer unchanged from its previous 
            state. The io-recovery (see below), if present, still has its usual effect.
            A record-setter of NEXT indicates that the pointer is to be set to the next 
            record (for SEQUENTIAL files) or value (for STREAM files) at or beyond the cur- 
            rent location. For a SEQUENTIAL file, the only case in which NEXT would have 
            some effect is if there were a partial record pending (see 11.3). In this case, 
            an end-of-record shall be generated and the pointer left at end of file.

                       - 109 -




   BASIC-2
   An absent record-setter leaves the file pointer unchanged from its previous 
   state. The io-recovery (see below), if present, still has its usual effect.
   A record-setter of NEXT indicates that the pointer is to be set to the next ex- 
   isting record (for non-STREAM files) or value (for STREAM files) at or beyond 
   the current location. In the case of a RELATIVE file, NEXT shall therefore cause 
   the pointer to skip over any empty record areas to the next existing record. If 
   the pointer is already at or beyond the end of file, or is pointing to an exist- 
   ing record, NEXT shall leave the pointer unchanged. This capability allows 
   RELATIVE files to be processed as if they were SEQUENTIAL. In the case of STREAM 
   and KEYED files, the pointer is always pointing to an existing file element or 
   end of file and so is left unchanged. For a SEQUENTIAL file, the only case in 
   which NEXT would have some effect is if there were a partial record pending (see 
   Section 11.3). In this case, an end-of-record shall be generated and the pointer 
   left at end of file.
A record-setter of BEGIN causes the pointer to be set to the beginning of file, i.e., 
to the first file element. If the file is empty, the location is also the end of 
file.
A record-setter of END causes the pointer to be set to end of file, defined as imme- 
diately beyond the last file element (if any) in the case of SEQUENTIAL, STREAM, and 
KEYED files, and as immediately beyond the last existing record in the case of a 
RELATIVE file (or at record-area number 1, if no records exist).
A record-setter of SAME allows the user to access the same file-element(s) that have 
most recently been processed since the OPEN for that channel. Its use is valid only 
if the most recently executed record operation which accessed the channel meets these 
conditions : it was not a delete-statement, and no exception occurred during its 
execution at least until after the file pointer had been set.
If these conditions are not met, no pointer manipulation takes place and an exception 
results. If they are met and the most recent operation was a READ, INPUT, SET with 
pointer-items, or REWRITE, then the file pointer is reset to the same file element it 
was just set to by the record-setter of that operation. If this operation had no 
record-setter, then SAME resets the pointer to the same location it had at the 
beginning of that operation. If the most recent operation was a WRITE or PRINT, then 
SAME sets the pointer to the first file element created by that operation.
A record-setter with RECORD is valid only for use with RELATIVE files. If an attempt 
is made to use this record-setter on a file not opened as RELATIVE, the pointer is 
left unchanged and an exception results. The index is evaluated by rounding to an 
integer, and the pointer set to the corresponding record-area, whether or not it con- 
tains a record. If the index evaluates to an integer less than one, the pointer is 
left unchanged and an exception is generated.
A record-setter with KEY is valid only for use with a KEYED file. If an attempt is 
made to use this record-setter on a file not opened as KEYED, the pointer is left un- 
changed and an exception results. For an exact-search the pointer is set to the 
record whose key equals that of the string-expression; if none such exists, the 
pointer is set to the first record whose key is greater than the ring-expression. If 
there is no such record, the pointer is set to end of file. For an inexact-search 
with not-less, the pointer is set exactly as for an exact-search, except for the set- 
ting of the data-found condition (see below). For an inexact-search with greater- 
than-sign, the pointer is set to the first record whose key is strictly greater than 
the string-expression; if none exists, it is set to end of file.

                                   - 110 -




      Io-recovery
      At the completion of pointer manipulation there shall be set a condition called data- 
      found, which is either true or false. If data-found is true, and if a not-missing- 
      recovery has been specified, then the io-recovery-action takes effect. If the data- 
      found condition is false and a missing-recovery has been specified, then the io- 
      recovery-action also takes effect. Except for these two cases, the io-recovery- 
      action, if any, is ignored. The data-found condition is false if:
      - in BASIC-2 only, an exact-search has been specified, but no record was found whose 
        key was equal to the string-expression, or
      - after the pointer is set, it points to end of file, or
      - in BASIC-2 only, after the pointer is set, it points to an empty record-area, or
      - for a device, there is an implementation-defined condition signifying that no data 
        is available for input; otherwise, the data-found condition is true.
      If the io-recovery-action is an exit-do-statement or exit-for-statement, the 
      statement shall have its normal effect (see 8.3). If the io-recovery-action is a 
      line-number then execution shall continue at the specified line.
11.2.5 Exceptions 
      - A set-statement with pointer-items is executed for an inactive channel (7004, 
        fatal).
      - A record-setter is used with channel zero (7002, nonfatal: do nothing and 
        continue).
      - A record-setter is used on a device without record-setter capability (7205, nonfa- 
        tal: do nothing and continue).
      - The record-setter SAME is used, and the most recently executed operation for the
        channel was a delete-statement (7204, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - The record-setter SAME is used, and the most recently executed operation for the
        channel caused an exception before pointer manipulation took place (7204, fatal).
      - The record-setter SAME is used, and no record operation has been executed on that 
        channel since the OPEN (7204, fatal).
      - The record-setter RECORD is used on a file opened with a file-organization other 
        than RELATIVE (7202, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - The record-setter KEY is used on a file opened with a file-organization other than 
        KEYED (7203, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - The index of a RECORD record-setter evaluates to an integer less than one (7206, 
        fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
      - A record-setter specifies an exact-search for the null string (7207, fatal). 
        (BASIC-2 only)
11.2.6 Remarks 
      For devices, data-found could be set false by such conditions as no more cards in a 
      card reader, control-Z sent from a terminal (which signifies end-of-file for some 
      systems), or that the device is for output only, e.g., a line printer.

                                           - 111 -



             BASIC-2 
             Given a RELATIVE file, with three existing records, numbers 2, 5, and 6:
             1      2       3       4       5       6      7
                    RECORD ---              RECORD RECORD



                       pointer
             If READ RECORD 2 has just taken place, then the following record-setters will 
             have the described effect :
             record-setter resulting pointer position in front of
             BEGIN
             END                                7
             SAME                               2
             NEXT                               5
             absent                             3
             RECORD n
11.3 File Data Creation 
 11.3.1 General Description
        Statements are provided to allow the user to send data developed within the program 
        to an external destination. In the case of true files, such data can be retrieved and 
        modified by later programs. The facilities generalize the output capabilities pre- 
        sented in Section 10 to files. New facilities are also defined to allow output to the 
        various record-types. The set-objects MARGIN or ZONEWIDTH are not part of a data cre- 
        ation statement, but are included in this section because of their interaction with 
        display records.
 11.3.2 Syntax 
        BASIC-1 and BASIC-2 
         1. print-statement           > PRINT channel-expression print-control (colon 
                                        (print-list / output-list))?
         2. array-print-statement     > MAT PRINT channel-expression print-control colon 
                                        (array-print-list / array-output-list)
         3. print-control             =(comma print-control-item)*
         4. print-control-item        = core-record-setter / not-missing-recovery / USING 
                                        image
         5. set-object                > channel-setter (MARGIN / ZONEWIDTH) index 
         6. write-statement           = WRITE channel-expression write-control colon 
                                        expression-list
         7. array-write-statement     = MAT WRITE channel-expression write-control colon 
                                        array-list
         8. write-control             = (comma write-control-item)*
         9. write-control-item        > record-setter / not-missing-recovery
        10. expression-list           = expression (comma expression)*
        11. array-list                = array-name (comma array-name)*

                                                                  - 112 -




           BASIC-2 only (Enhanced Files productions):
           N12. write-control-item                         > template-identifier
           N13. template-identifier                        = WITH (line-number / string-expression)
           N14. declarative-statement                      > template-statement
           N15. template-statement                         = TEMPLATE colon template-element-list
           N16. template-element-list                      = template-element (comma template-element)*
           N17. template-element                           = fixed-field-count (field-specifier / left-parenthesis 
                                                               template-element-list right-parenthesis) / 
                                                               variable-field-count field-specifier
           N18. fixed-field-count                          = SKIP? (integer OF)?
           N19. variable-field-count                       = question-mark OF
           N20. field-specifier                            = numeric-specifier / string-specifier
           N21. numeric-specifier                          = NUMERIC asterisk numeric-field-size
           N22. numeric-field-size                         = fixed-point-size / E
           N23. fixed-point-size                           = integer-size period? / integer-size? period 
                                                               fraction-size
           N24. integer-size                               = integer
           N25. fraction-size                              = integer
           N26. string-specifier                           = STRING asterisk string-field-size
           N27. string-field-size                          = integer
           Within a print-statement or array-print-statement, an image must not be used with a 
           print-list, i.e., only an output-list may be used when an image is present as a 
           print-control.
           The line-number of a template-identifier must refer to a template-statement in the 
           same program-unit. (BASIC-2 only)
           The integer in a fixed-field-count must be greater than zero. (BASIC-2 only)
           In a fixed-point-size, the integer-size or fraction-size must be greater than 
           zero.(BASIC-2 only)
           String-field-size must be greater than zero. (BASIC-2 only)
           The record-setter in a write-control must not specify an inexact-search. (BASIC-2 
           only)
           A given print-control-item must appear at most once in print-control. 
           A given write-control-item must appear at most once in write-control. 
11.3.3 Examples 
               1. PRINT #3: A, B, C
                   PRINT #3, END, USING 123: A$, B+C;
               2. MAT PRINT #N, SAME, IF THERE THEN EXIT FOR: A$, B$, C
               5. #3: MARGIN N+1
               6. WRITE #3, RECORD 47, IF THERE THEN 666: A+B, C$ & D$ 
                   WRITE #X+Y WITH TEMPLATES3$: X, Y, Z + W
               7. MAT WRITE #3, KEY "Whoever", IF THERE THEN 666, WITH 111: A, B$
           N15. TEMPLATE: STRING*5, 2 OF NUMERIC*3.4
                   TEMPLATE: ? OF NUMERIC*5.2, ? OF STRING"5
           N16. 5 OF STRING922, 3 OF NUMERIC*E, ? OF NUMERIC*.6
11.3.4 Semantics 
           All data creation statements follow a general pattern which will be described here. 
           In all cases, the function of a data creation statement is to add one or more new 
           file elements to a file. Previously existing file elements are not affected. Details

                              - 113 -




on aspects peculiar to each of the various forms are presented below, under the head- 
ings of each statement type.
First, the channel to which the data will be sent is determined from the channel- 
expression. The file-attributes are checked against the intended operations. All data 
creation statements require an access-mode of OUTPUT or OUTIN. If the channel is ac- 
tive and the file-attributes are compatible with the data creation statement, then 
the next phase begins. Otherwise, an exception results and the file, the file 
pointer, and all program variables remain unchanged.
The second phase of processing involves setting the file pointer, based on the 
record-setter (or its absence). This is done exactly as described in 11.2. The data- 
found condition is now set, again as described in 11.2. If data-found is true and a 
not-missing-recovery is present, then the io-recovery-action is taken. If data-found 
is true, and a not-missing-recovery is absent, then an exception results. In either 
case, no further change is made to the pointer position or the file.
If data-found is false, then the third phase begins, the actual output of data at the 
location indicated by the pointer. The operands are evaluated in succession from left 
to right until enough data to fill a file-element has been generated. Only then is 
the file-element actually added to the file and the pointer advanced immediately be- 
yond the file-element just created. In particular, this means that an exception dur- 
ing data transfer will never result in a partial file-element being added to the 
file. However, if a statement can create several file-elements, those which have al- 
ready been created before the exception occurs continue to exist in the file. Follow- 
ing the completion of data transfer, the file pointer is always left pointing at the 
next file-element (or end of file if none such exists) beyond the last one created. 
If an exception prevented the creation of any file elements, the pointer is left as 
it was set in the second phase.
Print-statement
The transfer of data with the print-statement works just as described in 10.3 and 
10.4, except that the sequence of characters generated constitutes a record of a 
DISPLAY file, rather than current line, and end-of-record is generated in place of 
end-of-line. Note that it is possible to create records containing zero characters. 
End-of-record is the implementation-defined means whereby it is indicated that the 
storage of a file-element in a file is completed, i.e., no change or addition to this 
record is possible with a data creation statement. Except for the special case dis- 
cussed below, no data is actually added to the file until a valid end-of-record has 
been generated, i.e., partial records are not added to the file. The effective margin 
for the file, which is used to control when end-of-record is generated, is taken from 
the value of RECSIZE established when the file was opened, or from a set-statement 
with MARGIN for this channel executed since the open (see below).
In one special case, a partial record is added to a file. If the print-list or 
output-list contains a trailing print-separator, then upon successful completion of 
the statement, a partial record has been created at the end of file, with the pointer 
left at end of file, i.e. just beyond the partial record. Note that if there is an 
exception before completion of the statement, then the partial record is not added to 
the file, as would also be true of a complete record. If and only if the next opera- 
tion for the channel is a print-statement with an absent record-setter, then the se- 
quence of characters it generates is appended to the end of the partial record, in 
accordance with the usual rules regarding the margin. If the next operation for that 
channel is anything other than such a print-statement, then before any other process- 
ing takes place, an end-of-record is added to complete the partial record, and the 
pointer left at end of file.

                        - 114 -




Array-print-statement
The transfer of data with the array-print-statement works just as described in 10.5, 
except that the sequence of characters generated constitutes a record of a DISPLAY 
file, rather than the current line, and end-of-record is generated in place of end- 
of-line. Note that by the rules of 10.5, a partial record is never created by the 
array-print-statement with an array-print-list, but may be created with an array- 
output-list containing a trailing semicolon. Since an array-print-statement always 
starts a new line, it may not be used to complete a partial record. The effective 
margin is controlled as described under print-statement and "Setting the margin" 
(below).
Setting the margin
Associated with each open DISPLAY file is a margin, the maximum number of characters 
which a record can contain. The margin is used by print-statement and array-print- 
statement to determine when an end-of-record should be generated. Upon open, the ef- 
fective margin is the LENGTH index in RECSIZE, or the implementation-defined length, 
which must be not less than the default zone width, if LENGTH is not specified ex- 
plicitly. The set-statement with a MARGIN changes the margin for the active channel 
to the specified index. If a partial record exists in the file affected by the mar- 
gin, the new margin is used when subsequently attempting to complete the partial 
record. A margin of MAXNUM indicates that a record may be arbitrarily large. The mar- 
gin index must evaluate to greater than zero. The effect of a set-statement with 
MARGIN ends when the file is closed.
The maximum margin supported is implementation-defined. 
Setting the zone width
Associated with each open DISPLAY file is a zone width, which controls the effect of 
PRINT as described in 10.3. Upon open, the zone width for a file is set to the 
implementation-defined default value, which shall be at least d+e+6. The set- 
statement with ZONEWIDTH changes the zone width for the active channel to the 
specified index.
All zones are the same width, except possibly the last, which may be shorter. If a 
partial record exists in the file affected by the set-statement with ZONEWIDTH, the 
new zone width is used when subsequently attempting to complete the partial record. 
In a set-statement with ZONEWIDTH the index must evaluate to greater than zero. The 
effect of the set-statement with ZONEWIDTH ends when the file is closed.
The maximum zone width is implementation-defined. 
Display record-type
DISPLAY records are sequences of characters; the characters generated by the PRINT 
operations are as described in Section 10. The accuracy of numeric values is limited 
only by the implementation-defined significance-width or length of the format-item, 
and by the ARITHMETIC option in effect.
Channel zero 
PRINT to channel zero works in accordance with the semantics for a device without 
record-setter or erase capability. The destination of the output data is the same as 
if the channel-expression had been omitted. Also, if there is an exception for which 
a different recovery procedure is specified in Section 10 than in 11, the procedure 
of Section 10 shall be used. A set-statement with MARGIN or ZONEWIDTH specifying 
channel zero has the same effect as if the channel-setter were omitted.

                      - 115 -




Write operation
The write-statement and array-write-statement are used to create records of any type. 
Successive expression values are arranged in corresponding sequences of values or 
fields or characters, and written out to the file. Partial records are never created.
File organization
For STREAM files, one statement may create several file-elements, specifically one 
file-element is created for each expression or array-element evaluated. If an excep- 
tion occurs during internal evaluation, previously created values remain in the file, 
the pointer is left at end of file, and any remaining values are ignored.
For INTERNAL SEQUENTIAL or NATIVE files, the values or fields generated by the ex- 
pressions or arrays form one record. Thus, if an exception occurs before the state- 
ment is completed, no record is added to the file, and the file pointer is left un- 
changed from phase two. NATIVE files apply only to BASIC-2.
   BASIC-2 only
   Since records in a KEYED file are identified by their keys, it is necessary when 
   creating a new record that an explicit key be associated with it; thus when at- 
   tempting to write to a KEYED file, an exact-search must always be specified in 
   the record-setter. If data-found is false, then a new record is inserted into 
   the file, with a key equal to the string-expression of the exact-search.
Display record-type 
A WRITE operation type on a display record generates exactly the same sequence of 
records and characters as would a PRINT operation with the same expression-list or 
array-list. Note, however, that not all PRINT facilities are available for WRITE, 
which is record-oriented, rather than line-oriented.
For DISPLAY files, one statement may create several file-elements in the case of mar- 
gin overflow. If a fatal exception occurs during generation of an element, any 
elements previously created by that statement remain in the file, the pointer is left 
at the end of the file, and any remaining expressions are ignored.
Internal record-type
An internal record (of a STREAM file) is a sequence of values. There are two types of 
values, numeric and string. The sequence of values and their types are determined by 
the sequence and types of the expressions and array-elements from which the values 
are generated. When a value stored in a file is later retrieved, the effect is as if 
the expression or array-element with which it was created were assigned to the input 
variable with a let-statement.The length and content of string values are preserved. 
Numeric values are also preserved consistent with the usual limitations on precision 
associated with the prevailing ARITHMETIC option.
Native record-type (BASIC-2 only) 
The TEMPLATE describes the location, size, and type of fields within a record. When 
writing to a native file, a TEMPLATE must always be used. It must not be used with 
any other record-type. A TEMPLATE is associated with a particular data creation 
statement by means of the template-identifier in the statement which specifies the 
template-statement to be used or a string-expression whose value must be a syntacti- 
cally correct template-element-list. The string-expression, is evaluated before the 
expression-list or array-list of the write-statement or array-write-statement. 
Several statements may use the same template-statement.
When generating data for a native record, each expression within the expression-list 
is associated with a numeric-specifier or string-specifier within a TEMPLATE; the 
specifier is then used to transform the value of the expression into a field within a

                      - 116 -




record. The association takes place from left to right within the expression-list and 
the templates-element-list, each expression using the next available field-specifier. 
If the type of the expression (numeric or string) disagrees with the type of the 
specifier, an exception results. The number of expressions must not be greater than 
the number of specifiers. Extra specifiers beyond the last expression are ignored. 
The contents of the field are determined by the value of the expression and the size 
characteristics of the specifier.
For string values, the string-field-size is the number of characters in the field. 
The string value is left-justified within the field. If the value's length exceeds 
that of the field, an exception results. If shorter, the field is padded on the right 
with spaces.
Numeric fields are used to retain numeric values (both magnitude and sign). The sign 
is always stored in the field, but the numeric-field-size explicitly describes only 
the storage of the number's magnitude. For a numeric-field-size of E, the value is 
retained with the implementation-defined number of significant digits for the pre- 
vailing ARITHMETIC option. For a fixed-point-size, the integer-size describes the 
number of available digit places to the left of the decimal point, and the fraction- 
size, to the right of the decimal point. An omitted integer-size or fraction-size is 
treated as equivalent to zero. The numeric value is stored in accordance with these 
sizes. If the value contains significant digits to the right of the available field 
positions, the value is rounded when stored. This may result in a field with a value 
of zero. If the value contains significant digits to the left of the available field 
positions, an exception results.
The fixed-field-count in a template-statement indicates skipping and/or repetition 
for individual specifiers or a series of specifiers. The integer of the fixed-field- 
count indicates the number of repetitions and the keyword SKIP indicates that the af- 
fected specifiers shall generate skipped fields. A field-count applies to the entity 
(either a field-specifier or a parenthesized template-element-list) in the same 
template-element. For an integer field-count (indicating repetition) the effect is 
just as if the entity governed by the field-count had been written out explicitly the 
equivalent number of times. When SKIP is used within a field-count, it indicates that 
the specifiers governed by it are not associated with values from the expression-list 
or array-list. Rather, as the record is being generated, fields within the record are 
assigned the value zero if numeric and spaces if string, corresponding to the usual 
size and type of the field-specifier in question. If a field-specifier is governed by 
several SKIPs (from various levels above it) the effect is just as if it were gov- 
erned by only one, as described above. For example, given the following expression- 
lists and templates-element-lists,
A, B, C and NUMERIC*4, NUMERICS", NUMERICS"
D, E and NUMERIC*4, SKIP NUMERIC"5, NUMERICS"
A and D will occupy equivalent field locations, as will C and E. The second field in 
the second record will be the same size as occupied by B in the first record, with a 
value of zero.
As an illustration of the preceding description, equivalent pairs of template- 
element-lists are shown below:
1 - STRING*4, STRING*4, STRING*4
2 - 3 OF STRING*4
1 - STRING*5, STRING*4, NUMERIC*2, NUMERIC*2, NUMERIC*2, STRING*4, NUMERIC*2, 
   NUMERIC*2, NUMERIC*2
2 - STRING*5, 2 OF (STRING*4, 3 OF NUMERIC*2)

                                   - 117 -




      1 - SKIP NUMERIC*3, SKIP NUMERIC*3, NUMERIC*4, SKIP STRING65, SKIP STRING*6
      2 - SKIP 2 OF NUMERIC*3, NUMERIC*4, SKIP (STRING*5, SKIP STRING*6)
      Note that in 2 of the last example, the SKIP immediately in front of STRING*6 is su- 
      perfluous. A variable-field-count is used only in conjunction with arrays (see 
      below).
      If execution reaches a template-statement, it proceeds to the next line with no fur- 
      ther effect.
      Array-write-statement
      An array-write-statement behaves just like the write-statement would if the arrays 
      were written out explicitly as array-elements in row major order (the last subscript 
      varying most rapidly). Thus, for example, if "DIMA (3), B(2,2)" and OPTION BASE 1 are 
      in effect, the following two statements are equivalent:
      MAT WRITE #3: A, B
      WRITE #3: A(1),A(2),A(3), B(1,1),B(1,2),B(2,1),B(2,2) 
      X.7
          BASIC-2 only
          When writing to a NATIVE record, arrays in an array-list can use the variable- 
          field-count. If a fixed-field-count is used, then the number and type of the 
          specifiers must match the array-elements as with WRITE. When the first element 
          of an array is to be associated with a field-specifier, and if a template- 
          element has just been completed (or if this is the first array in the list), and 
          if the next template-element has a variable-field-count, then the field- 
          specifier is used for all the elements of the array. When evaluation of the 
          array is complete, the next array, if any, uses the next template-element which 
          may or may not also have a variable-field-count. An array must use either a 
          template-element with a variable-field-count or template-elements with fixed- 
          field-counts, but not both.
11.3.5 Exceptions 
      - The value of the index in a set-statement with MARGIN is less than the current 
        zonewidth for that file (4006, fatal).
        The value of the index in a set-statement with a ZONEWIDTH is less than one, or 
        greater than the current margin for that file (4007, fatal).
      - A set-statement with MARGIN or ZONEWIDTH specifies an inactive channel (7004, 
        fatal).
      - A set-statement with MARGIN or ZONEWIDTH specifies a file not opened as DISPLAY
        (7312, fatal).
      - A set-statement with a MARGIN or ZONEWIDTH specifies a file opened as INPUT (7313,
        fatal).
      The following exceptions for data creation statements are grouped according to the 
      phase of processing during which they are detected. Phase 1 exceptions imply no 
      change to the file or file pointer. Phase 2 exceptions imply no change to the file. 
      Phase 3 exceptions imply that some file-elements may have been created.
      Phase 1 Exceptions:
      - A data creation statement attempts to access an inactive channel (7004, fatal).
      - A print-statement or array-print-statement attempts to access a file opened as
        INTERNAL or, for BASIC-2 only, NATIVE (7317, fatal).

                                          - 118 -




        - The record-setter cannot be processed correctly, as described in 11.2.5, exceptions 
          7002 and 7202-7207 (use the procedure of 11.2.5).
        - A data creation statement attempts to access a file opened as INPUT (7302, fatal).
        - A write-statement or array-write-statement attempts to access a KEYED file, but 
          does not specify an exact-search in its record-setter (7314, fatal). (BASIC-2 
          only
        - The string-expression of a template-identifier is not a syntactically correct 
          template-element-list (8251, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - A template-identifier is used on a file opened as DISPLAY or INTERNAL (7315, 
          fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - A write-statement or array-write-statement does not have a template-identifier when 
          attempting to access a file opened as NATIVE (7316, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        Phase 2 Exceptions:
        - For a data creation statement, the condition data-found is true, and a not-missing- 
          recovery has not been specified (7308, fatal).
        Phase 3 Exceptions:
        - An attempt is made to create a record larger than the value of RECSIZE (8301, 
          fatal).
        - An expression or array-element does not agree in type (numeric or string) with its 
          associated TEMPLATE field-specifier (8252, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - A template-element with a variable-field-count does not coincide with the first el- 
          ement of an array (8253, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - There are not enough field-specifiers in a template-statement for all the 
          expressions or array-elements (8254, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - A numeric value has significant digits to the left of the available digit places in 
          the field of a template (8255, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
        - A string value is longer than the length of its field in the template (8256, 
          fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
 11.3.6 Remarks (BASIC-2 only)
        Implementations may provide syntactic enhancements to template-element-list, e.g., to 
        allow for additional data types. The exception for incorrect syntax then applies to 
        the enhanced definition of template-element-list.
        The variable-field-count is especially useful when writing an array whose size may 
        change in the program, since the use of the fixed-field-count implies knowing the ex- 
        act size in advance.
11.4 File Data Retrieval 
 11.4.1 General Description
        Statements are provided to allow the program to retrieve data from a file to which it 
        has previously been written or from a device. The facilities generalize the input ca- 
        pabilities presented in Section 10 to files. New facilities are also defined to allow 
        input from the various record-types.

                                          - 119 -




11.4.2 Syntax 
       BASIC-1 and BASIC-2 
         1. input-statement           > INPUT channel-expression input-control colon 
                                        variable-list (comma SKIP REST)?
         2. array-input-statement     > MAT INPUT channel-expression input-control colon 
                                        (redim-array-list / variable-length-vector)
         3. line-input-statement      > LINE INPUT channel-expression input-control colon 
                                        string-variable-list
         4. array-line-input-statement> MAT LINE INPUT channel-expression input-control colon 
                                        redim-string-array-list
         5. input-control             = (comma input-control-item)*
         6. input-control-item        = core-record-setter / missing-recovery / 
                                        prompt-specifier / timeout-expression / 
                                        time-inquiry
         7. read-statement            > READ channel-expression read-control colon 
                                        variable-list (comma SKIP REST)?
         8. array-read-statement      > MAT READ channel-expression read-control colon 
                                        redim-array-list
         9. read-control              = (comma read-control-item)*
       10. read-control-item          > record-setter / missing-recovery
       BASIC-2 only (Enhanced Files productions):
       Nil. read-control-item         > template-identifier
       A given input-control-item must appear at most once in input-control. (BASIC-2 only) 
       A given read-control-item must appear at most once in read-control. (BASIC-2 only)
       A variable-length-vector must be declared as one-dimensional. (BASIC-2 only)
11.4.3 Examples 
       1. INPUT #3: A, B, C, A$
       2. MAT INPUT #W, BEGIN, IF MISSING THEN EXIT DO: A, B$
       3. LINE INPUT #G, NEXT: A$, B$, C$
          MAT LINE INPUT #4, IF MISSING THEN 1234: A$, B$(N), C$(8)
       4. MAT LINE INPUT #4, IF MISSING THEN 1234: A$, B$(N), C$(8)
       7. READ #3, SAME, WITH 333: W$, SKIP REST
       8. MAT READ #N, RECORD W+2, IF MISSING THEN 111, WITH 222: N, W(Q)
11.4.4. Semantics 
       All data retrieval statements follow a general pattern, which will be described here. 
       Details on the aspects peculiar to each of the various forms are presented below, un- 
       der the headings for each statement type.
       First, the channel from which data will be retrieved is determined from the channel- 
       expression. Then, the file-attributes are checked against the intended operation. All 
       data retrieval statements require an access-mode of INPUT or OUTIN. If the channel is 
       active and the file-attributes are compatible with the data retrieval statement, then 
       the next phase begins. Otherwise, an exception results and the pointer and all pro- 
       gram variables remain unchanged.
       The second phase of processing involves setting the file pointer, based on the 
       record-setter if present. In the absence of a record-setter the file pointer does not 
       change. This is done exactly as described in 11.2. The data-found condition is now 
       set, again as described in 11.2. If data-found is false and a missing-recovery is 
       present, then the io-recovery-action is taken, otherwise an exception results. In ei- 
       ther case, no further change is made to the pointer position.

                                    - 120 -




If data-found is true, then the third phase begins, the actual input of data from the 
element indicated by the pointer. Data is transferred from the file element(s) to 
each of the operands (variables or arrays), from left to right, with successive data 
or values or fields from the file being assigned to successive variables or arrays. 
Note in particular that evaluation of subscripts, substring-qualifiers, and redims is 
delayed until after assignment of data to previous operands, but occurs before as- 
signment of data to the operand to which they apply. Note also that assignment of a 
string value to a string variable with a substring-qualifier takes place in accor- 
dance with the usual semantics of string assignment described in 6.5. If an exception 
occurs during data transfer, variables and array-elements for which a legal assign- 
ment has been made retain their new values, but all subsequent variables and array- 
elements retain their original values. Following a successful data retrieval 
operation, the pointer is advanced to the next file element, i.e,, the next record, 
record-area, or value in the file.
One data retrieval operation usually affects only one file element. The three cases 
in which several file elements may be processed are:
- LINE or MAT LINE INPUT,
- READ from a STREAM file, and
- INPUT or READ from a DISPLAY file with records with trailing commas (indicating
  continuation of data).
The SKIP REST option is allowed only for non-stream files. It causes the remainder of 
the record from which the last datum or value or field was taken to be ignored. It is 
still mandatory that the record contain enough data to satisfy the variables or 
arrays in the list.
During this third phase of processing, a number of exception conditions may arise. 
Each such exception is associated with a particular file element. In all cases, the 
pointer is advanced to the file element immediately following the one with which the 
exception is associated. The following table summarizes these exceptions and which 
file-element they apply to.
Exception                             Associated file-element 
File-element larger than RECSIZE      The oversize file-element
Invalid redim, subscript,             The file-element from which 
substring-qualifier, redim too        data would have been taken
large.
Bad TEMPLATE: wrong type,             The file-element from which 
field-count of "?" on other           data would have been taken
than first element of an array, 
too few specifiers (BASIC-2 only)
Bad data: wrong type,syntax,          File-element containing the
overflow                              bad data
Insufficient data in file-element     The file-element with
                                      insufficient data
Insufficient data in file             End of file (i.e. no associated
                                      file-element)
Excess data in file-element           The file-element with excess
                                      data

                         - 121 -




Input-statement
The effect of a prompt-specifier, timeout-expression, and time-enquiry is as de- 
scribed in 10.2. These input-control-items apply only to interactive terminal 
devices. For other devices and true files, their effect is implementation-defined. 
The transfer of data with the input-statement also works just as described in 10.2, 
except that records are treated like input-replies, and end-of-record is treated like 
end-of-line. Each datum (as defined in 10.1) is assigned in order to a variable in 
the variable-list. All the INPUT operations (as opposed to the READ operations) are 
valid only for a file opened as DISPLAY. For any other record-type, an exception re- 
sults. The input-statement may process several records if the last non-blank charac- 
ter in a record is a comma. If, following a record with a trailing comma, end of file 
is encountered before all variables have been assigned values, then the remaining 
variables shall retain their old values, the file pointer shall be positioned to end 
of file, and an exception shall result.
When any of the INPUT statements is executed for a device and a phase 3 exception oc- 
curs, implementations may use the recovery procedures specified for true files in 
this section, or, if an equivalent exception is specified in Section 10, that recov- 
ery procedure may be used instead. This is to allow input from several interactive 
devices to use the nonfatal recovery procedures.
Array-input-statement 
The array-input-statement behaves just like the input-statement would if the arrays 
were written out explicitly as array-elements in row major order (the last subscript 
varying most rapidly). The only additional capability is that of allowing a redim to 
change the dimensions of the array in accordance with the redim rules for the array- 
input-statement without a channel-expression (see 10.5). Thus, for example, if "DIM 
A(3)" and OPTION BASE 1 are in effect, the following two statements are equivalent:
MAT INPUT #N: A
INPUT #N: A(1), A(2), A(3)
The following two statements are also equivalent:
MAT INPUT #N: A$(2,2), C(2)
INPUT #N: A$(1,1), A$(1,2), A$(2,1), A$(2,2), C(1), C(2)
However, the effect of
MAT INPUT #N: A(1), B(A(1))
depends on the first datum encountered, since it controls the effective size of array 
B. Nonetheless, it behaves exactly as would an input-statement for which the appro- 
priate number of array-elements for B had been coded. If an array is encountered 
whose redim yields a size less than 1 in any dimension, then it, and all subsequent 
arrays, shall retain their old values, and an exception shall result.
Variable-length-vectors 
The transfer of data and consequent redimensioning of the array of a variable-length- 
vector takes place just as described in 10.5.
Line-input-statement 
The line-input-statement behaves exactly as described in 10.2, except that records 
are treated like input-replies, and end-of-record like end-of-line. The content of 
each successive record is assigned as the value of successive string-variables, in- 
cluding any leading or trailing spaces. A record may contain a null string, and it

                            - 122 -




shall be assigned in the normal way. If end of file is encountered before all vari- 
ables have been assigned values, then the remaining variables shall retain their old 
values, the file pointer shall be positioned to end of file, and an exception shall 
result.
Array-line-input-statement
The array-line-input-statement behaves just as would a line-input statement for which 
the array-elements had been coded out explicitly, instead of as arrays. See semantics 
above for array-input-statements. Note that here too, the size of a later array may 
depend on the value assigned to an earlier array, e.g.:
MAT LINE INPUT #N: A$(1), B$(VAL(A$(1)))
If the first record contained the string " 12 ", then twelve subsequent records would 
be read into the array B$. If an array is encountered whose redim yields a size less 
than 1 in either dimension, then it, and all subsequent arrays, shall retain their 
old values, and an exception results.
Input-statements for channel zero 
Input from channel zero works in accordance with the semantics for non-file devices. 
For those exceptions for which a different recovery procedure is specified in Section 
10 than in 11, the procedure of Section 10 shall be used.
Read-operation
The read-statement and array-read-statement are used to retrieve data from files with 
records of any type. Successive data or values or fields are assigned to successive 
variables or arrays in the operand list. READ may access several file elements for 
SEQUENTIAL or STREAM files, but only one for RELATIVE and KEYED files. RELATIVE or 
KEYED files are provided only in BASIC-2.
File organizations 
For non-STREAM files (SEQUENTIAL files in BASIC-1 and RELATIVE and KEYED files in 
BASIC-2), the variables receive values from the sequence of data or values or fields 
within a record. There must be just enough data within the record (or records in the 
case of DISPLAY records with trailing commas) to satisfy the variable-list (except 
for SKIP REST, see above). For STREAM files, the variables receive their values di- 
rectly from the sequence that constitutes the file, beginning with the file-element 
indicated by the pointer, and so file-element boundaries are insignificant. If end of 
file is encountered before all variables have been assigned values, then the remain- 
ing variables shall retain their old values, the file pointer shall be positioned to 
end of file, and an exception shall result.
Display record-type
Records in DISPLAY files are sequences of characters. The retrieval of string data 
shall take place as described in 10.2. Note that retrieving data from a record cre- 
ated with PRINT does not necessarily preserve the same value, since, for instance, 
leading and trailing spaces are not saved in unquoted strings n input. For numeric 
data, the accuracy shall be consistent with the usual semantics for assignment of a 
numeric-constant to a numeric-variable, i.e. at least six significant digits for 
OPTION ARITHMETIC NATIVE and at least ten digits for OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL. For a 
numeric-constant with no more significant digits than the implementation-defined pre- 
cision, the exact value is assigned with OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL.
A READ operation on a DISPLAY record assigns values exactly as would an INPUT opera- 
tion with the same variable-list or redim-array-list. Note, however, that not all the 
INPUT facilities are available for READ, which is record-oriented.

                          - 123 -




Internal record-type
An internal record (and a stream file) is a sequence of values. There are two types 
of value, numeric and string. For INTERNAL file elements, the values must be re- 
trieved with a variable of the same type as that of the value, otherwise an exception 
results. Thus, the contents of an INTERNAL file element are self-typed. The sequence 
of values and their types are determined by the record operation which created or 
modified the file-element(s). When a value is retrieved, the effect is as if the ex- 
pression with which it was created were assigned to the input variable with a let- 
statement. The length and content of string values are preserved. Numeric values are 
also preserved, consistent with the usual limitations on precision and type associ- 
ated with the prevailing ARITHMETIC option.
Native record-type (BASIC-2 only) 
The TEMPLATE describes the location and type of fields within the record. When read- 
ing from a native record, a TEMPLATE must always be used. It must not be used with 
any other record-type. A TEMPLATE is associated with a particular data retrieval 
statement by means of the template-identifier in the statement, which specifies the 
template-statement to be used, or a string-expression whose value must be a syntacti- 
cally correct template-element-list. The string-expression is evaluated before any 
input takes place and before any redims, substring qualifiers, or subscripts are 
evaluated. Several statements may use the same template-statement.
When retrieving data from a native record, each variable within the variable-list is 
associated with a field-specifier within a template; the specifier is then used to 
return data from a field within a record. This association takes place from left to 
right, within the variable-list and template-element-list, each variable using the 
next available field-specifier. A variable is associated with a specifier after a 
value has been assigned to the previous variable, and any subscripts, substring- 
qualifiers, or redims for this variable have been evaluated. If the type of the vari- 
able (numeric or string) disagrees with the type of the specifier, an exception re- 
sults. The number of specifiers must not be less than the number of variables. Extra 
specifiers beyond the variables are ignored. The contents of the next field in the 
record is interpreted according to the specifier, and the resulting value placed in 
the variable.
When retrieving data, the specifiers of all fields within a record must be compatible 
with the specifiers with which they were created, otherwise the results are 
implementation-defined. In order to be compatible, the creating and retrieving speci- 
fiers for a field must both be of type STRING, with equal string-field-sizes, or both 
NUMERIC with a numeric-field-size of E, or both NUMERIC with equal integer-sizes and 
fraction-sizes. An omitted integer-size or fraction-size is treated as equivalent to 
zero.
When the TEMPLATE specifiers are compatible with the record, then the values are re- 
trieved in accordance with the field sizes. For strings, a value is assigned with 
length equal to the string-field-size, and contents as originally stored in the 
record, including any spaces used for padding. For numbers, a value is assigned whose 
accuracy is limited only by the numeric-field-size and ARITHMETIC option. For numbers 
stored with a field size of E, or with a fixed-point-size and with no more signifi- 
cant digits than the implementation-defined precision, the exact value is retained 
under OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL. Otherwise, the numbers are rounded according to the 
OPTION in effect and stored in the variable. Section 11.3.4 describes how values are 
stored in the fields of native records an the effect of field-counts. The only dif- 
ference upon retrieval is that SKIP specifiers do not generate fields of zero or 
spaces, but cause the affected fields simply to be skipped over. As before, such 
specifiers are not associated with variables.

                                     - 124 -




       Array-read-statement 
       In general, an array-read-statement behaves just like the read-statement would if the 
       arrays were written out explicitly as array-elements. As with INPUT, there is delayed 
       evaluation of redims.
          BASIC-2 only 
          For this reason, when reading from a native record, a variable-field-count is 
          provided. If a fixed-field-count is used, then the number and types of the 
          specifiers must match the array-elements, as with READ. When the first element 
          of an array is to be associated with the next specifier, however, and if a 
          template-element has just been completed (or if this is the first array in the 
          list), and the next template-element is a variable-field-count, then the associ- 
          ated specifier is used for all the elements of the array. When the array has 
          been filled, the next array, if any, uses the next template-element, which may 
          or may not also have a variable-field-count. An array must either use a 
          template-element with a variable-field-count or template-elements with fixed- 
          field-counts, but not both.
11.4.5 Exceptions 
       The exceptions are grouped according to the phase of processing during which they are 
       detected. Phase 1 exceptions imply no change to the file pointer or variables. Phase 
       2 exceptions imply no change to the variables. Phase 3 exceptions imply that some 
       variables may have received values from the file.
       Phase 1 Exceptions:
       - A data retrieval attempts to access an inactive channel (7004, fatal).
       - An input-statement, array-input-statement, line-input-statement, or array-line- 
         input-statement attempts to access a file opened as INTERNAL or, in BASIC-2 only, 
         NATIVE (7318, fatal).
       - The record-setter cannot be processed correctly, as described in 11.2.5, exceptions 
         7002 and 7202-7207 (use the procedure of 11.2.5).
       - A data retrieval statement attempts to access a file opened as OUTPUT (7303, 
         fatal).
         The string-expression of a template-identifier is not a syntactically correct 
         template-element-list (8251, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
       - A template-identifier is used on a file opened as DISPLAY or INTERNAL (7315, 
         fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
       - A read-statement or array-read-statement does not have a template-identifier when 
         attempting to access a file opened as NATIVE (7316, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
       - The SKIP REST option is used on a file opened as STREAM (7321, fatal). 
       Phase 2 Exceptions:
       - For a data retrieval statement, the condition data-found is false and a missing-
         recovery has not been specified (7305, fatal).
       Phase 3 Exceptions:
       - An attempt is made to access a record larger than the value of RECSIZE (8302, 
         fatal).
       - The first index in a redim-bounds is greater than the second (6005, fatal).
       - A single index used in redim bounds is less than the default lower bound in effect 
         for the program unit (6005, fatal).

                                  - 125 -




       - The total number of elements required for a redimensioned array exceeds the number 
         of elements reserved by the array's original dimensions (5001, fatal).
       - A variable or array-element does not agree in type (numeric or string) with its as-
         sociated TEMPLATE specifier (8252, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
         A variable-field-count in a template-element does not coincide with the first ele- 
         ment of an array (8253, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
       - There are not enough TEMPLATE specifiers for all the variables or array-elements 
         (8254, fatal). (BASIC-2 only)
         A data retrieval statement, other than a line-input-statement or an array-line- 
         input-statement, attempts to access a DISPLAY record that is not a syntactically 
         legal input-reply (8105, fatal).
       - The datum of a DISPLAY record to be assigned to a numeric variable is not a 
         numeric-constant (8101, fatal).
       - A value in an INTERNAL record does not agree in type (numeric or string) with the 
         variable to which it is to be assigned (8120, fatal).
       - A value, datum, or field (for BASIC-2 only) in a file causes numeric overflow upon 
         assignment to the variable (1008, fatal).
       - A value, datum, or field (for BASIC-2 only) in a file causes string overflow upon 
         assignment to a variable (1105, fatal).
       - There are not enough data, values, or fields (for BASIC-2 only) within a record of 
         a non-STREAM file for the operands of a data retrieval statement and the record is 
         not DISPLAY with a trailing comma (8012, fatal).
       - End of file is encountered while seeking further data for the operands of a data of 
         a data retrieval statement (8011, fatal).
       - There are too many data in a record for the operands of a data retrieval statement 
         and SKIP REST is not specified (8013, fatal).
         There is just enough data in a DISPLAY record with a trailing comma to satisfy a 
         request for input, and SKIP REST is not specified (8013, fatal).
 11.4.6 Remarks 
       Implementations may choose to treat underflows as exceptions (1508, nonfatal: supply 
       zero and continue). In BASIC-2, this permits interception by exception handlers.
11.5 File Data Modification (BASIC-2 only) 
 11.5.1 General Description
       Statements are provided to allow the user to modify data previously stored in a file. 
       Such data can either be changed or deleted. The modifications are always done at the 
       record level.
 11.5.2 Syntax 
       Core productions : 
       None.

                                    - 126 -




      BASIC-2 only (Enhanced Files productions):
       1. imperative-statement   > rewrite-statement / array-rewrite-statement / 
                                   delete-statement
       2. rewrite-statement      = REWRITE channel-expression rewrite-control colon 
                                   expression-list
       3. array-rewrite-statement= MAT REWRITE channel-expression rewrite-control colon 
                                   array-list
       4. rewrite-control        = (comma rewrite-control-item)*
       5. rewrite-control-item   > missing-recovery / record-setter
       6. delete-statement       = DELETE channel-expression delete-control 
       7. delete-control         = (comma delete-control-item)*
       8. delete-control-item    = missing-recovery / record-setter 
      N9. rewrite-control-item   > template-identifier
      The line-number of a template-identifier must refer to a template-statement in the 
      same program-unit.
      A given rewrite-control-item must appear at most once in rewrite-control. 
      A given delete-control-item must appear at most once in delete-control. 
11.5.3 Examples 
      2. REWRITE #N, KEY = B$, IF MISSING THEN 666: A,B,C$
      3. MAT REWRITE #3, RECORD N-1, WITH 111: X,Y,Z 
      6. DELETE #3, KEY "JONES"
11.5.4 Semantics 
      The data modification statements are modeled closely on certain aspects of data re- 
      trieval statements and data creation statements. Like the data retrieval statements, 
      they operate on existing records. Like the data creation statements, they can alter 
      the state of a file. The data modification statements are specified only for file- 
      organizations RELATIVE and KEYED. For other file-organizations, their effect is 
      implementation-defined. The data modification statements may be used only with 
      access-mode OUTIN. Except for access-mode, the first and second phase of processing 
      (i.e. checking of file attributes and setting the file pointer) for these statements 
      is exactly like that for the data retrieval statements (see 11.4.4), because they op- 
      erate on existing records. The third phase of processing, undertaken only if the op- 
      eration is legal, the file pointer successfully set, and data-found is true, is de- 
      scribed below under the individual headings.
      Rewrite-statement
      The rewrite-statement generates exactly one record, and that record is identical to 
      the one that would be generated by a write-statement with the same expression-list or 
      array-list and template-identifier, if any (see 11.3.4), with one exception : for a 
      NATIVE record, fields governed by SKIP are not filled with zero or spaces, but rather 
      the previous contents of the fields are left unchanged. This effect of SKIP occurs 
      only if the TEMPLATE used by the REWRITE is compatible with TEMPLATE last used to al- 
      ter the record (see 11.4.4 for the definition of "compatible"). The result of using 
      an incompatible TEMPLATE containing SKIP is implementation-defined. The use of an in- 
      compatible TEMPLATE without SKIP is defined above since the entire record is re- 
      placed.
      If no exceptions occur during the generation of data to be used for modification of 
      existing data, then the record pointed to by the file pointer is replaced by the 
      record just generated, and the file pointer advanced to the next file-element. This

                                          - 127 -




        implies that the identifying record-number in a RELATIVE file, or identifying key in 
        a KEYED file is not changed. If there is an exception, the pointer is left as it was 
        set in the second phase (see 11.3.4 and 11.4.4) and the data in the file is un- 
        changed.
        Array-rewrite-statement 
        An array-rewrite-statement behaves just like rewrite-statement would if the array- 
        elements were written out explicitly. The rules for matching arrays and specifiers in 
        a TEMPLATE are exactly the same as for the array-write-statement (see 11.3.4).
        Delete-statement
        The delete-statement causes the record indicated by the file pointer to be deleted, 
        and the file pointer advanced to the next file-element. This implies that for a 
        RELATIVE file, the affected record-area no longer contains a record, and for a KEYED 
        file, the affected record is eliminated from the sequence of records constituting the 
        file.
11.5.5 Exceptions 
        The following exceptions are grouped according to the phase of processing during 
        which they are detected. Phase 1 exceptions imply no change to the file or file 
        pointer. Phase 2 exceptions imply no change to the file. Phase 3 exceptions also im- 
        ply no change to the file.
        Phase 1 Exceptions:
        - A data modification statement attempts to access an inactive channel (7004, fatal).
        - A data modification statement attempts to access channel zero (7320, fatal).
        - The record-setter cannot be processed correctly, as described in 11.2.5, exceptions 
          7002 and 7202-7207 (use the procedure of 11.2.5).
        - A data modification statement attempts to access a file opened as INPUT or as 
          OUTPUT (7322, fatal).
        - The string-expression of a template-identifier is not a syntactically correct 
          template-element-list (8251, fatal).
        - A template-identifier is used on a file opened as INTERNAL or DISPLAY (7315,
          fatal).
        - A rewrite-statement or array-rewrite-statement does not have a template-identifier
          when attempting to access a file opened as NATIVE (7316, fatal).
        Phase 2 Exceptions:
        - For a data modification statement, the condition data-found is false, and a 
          missing-recovery has not been specified (7305, fatal).
        Phase 3 Exceptions:
        - An attempt is made to rewrite a record larger than the value of RECSIZE (8301,
          fatal).
        - An expression or array-element does not agree in type (numeric or string) with its 
          associated TEMPLATE specifier (8252, fatal).
        - A template-element with a variable-field-count does not coincide with the first el- 
          ement of an array (8253, fatal).

                                   - 128 -



      - There are not enough TEMPLATE specifiers for all the expressions or array-elements
        (8254, fatal).
      - A numeric value has significant digits to the left of the available digit places in
        the field of a template (8255, fatal).
      - A string value is longer than the length of its field in the template (8256, fatal)
11.5.6 Remarks 
      Note that the DELETE and REWRITE will affect the record indicated by the file 
      pointer, even if the pointer is set with NEXT or left as is from previous operation 
      (i.e. if the record-setter is absent).

                                        - 129 -
12. EXCEPTION HANDLING AND DEBUGGING

                                         - 130 -




12. EXCEPTION HANDLING AND DEBUGGING 
 12.1 Exception Handling (BASIC-2 only 
  12.1.1 General Description
         Exception handling facilities provide a means of regaining control of a program af- 
         ter an exception has occurred.
  12.1.2 Syntax 
         BASIC-2 only 
          1. protection-block          when-use-block / when-use-name-block
          2. when-use-block            when-line when-block use-line exception-handler 
                                       end-when-line
          3. when-line                 line-number WHEN EXCEPTION IN tail
          4. when-block                block*
          5. use-line                  line-number USE tail
          6. exception-handler         block*
          7. end-when-line             line-number END WHEN tail
          8. when-use-name-block       when-use-name-line when-block end-when-line 
          9. when-use-name-line        line-number WHEN EXCEPTION USE handler-name tail 
         10. handler-name              routine-identifier
         11. handler-return-statement  RETRY / CONTINUE
         12. exit-handler-statement    EXIT HANDLER
         13. cause-statement           CAUSE EXCEPTION exception-type
         14. exception-type            index
         15. detached-handler          handler-line exception-handler end-handler-line 
         16. handler-line              line-number HANDLER handler-name tail 
         17. end-handler-line          line-number END HANDLER tail
         18. numeric-supplied-function EXLINE / EXTYPE
         19. string-supplied-function  EXTEXT dollar-sign
         Handler-return-statements and exit-handler-statements shall only occur within 
         exception-handlers. The no-argument numeric-supplied-functions EXLINE and EXTYPE 
         shall be invoked only within exception-handlers. EXTEXT$ takes a single numeric argu- 
         ment, which is an index.
         No line-number in a control-transfer outside a protection-block shall refer to a line 
         in that protection-block other than its when-line or when-use-name-line. No line- 
         number in a control-transfer inside an exception-handler shall refer to a line out- 
         side that exception-handler other than its own end-handler-line or end-when-line, nor 
         shall a line-number in a control-transfer outside an exception-handler refer to a 
         line inside that exception-handler or to its end-handler-line or end-when-line.
         A detached-handler referred to in a when-use-name-line within an internal-proc-def 
         must be defined in the same internal-proc-def. A detached-handler referred to in a 
         when-use-name-line that is not within an internal-proc-def must be defined in the 
         same program-unit but not within an internal-proc-def. No two handler-lines in the 
         same program unit shall have the same handler-name. A detached-handler may not appear 
         within a protection-block.
         A protection-block may not appear within an exception-handler. 
  12.1.3 Examples 
         Example 1 : handling errors in input-replies by allowing the input-reply to be 
                      resupplied after issuing a suitable message
         100 WHEN EXCEPTION IN
         110       PRINT "Enter your age and weight"

                            -  131 -




120      INPUT a, w
130      IF a > 10 THEN
140          PRINT "What is your height"
150          INPUT h
160     END IF
170 USE
180     PRINT "Please enter numbers only"
190     RETRY
200 END WHEN
Example 2 : dynamic file opening
100 HANDLER file_trouble
110     LET file_ok$ = "false"
120     IF EXTYPE = 7107 THEN
130          LET message$ = "doesn't exist"
140     ELSEIF EXTYPE = 7102 THEN
150          LET message$ = "is the wrong type"
160     ELSE
170          LET message$ = "couldn't be used"
180     END IF
190     PRINT "file"; filename$; message$; "try again"
200 END HANDLER
500 DO
510     INPUT filename$
520     LET file_ok$ = "true"
530     WHEN EXCEPTION USE file-trouble
540       OPEN #n: NAME filename$ ! other parameters omitted
550     END WHEN
560 LOOP UNTIL file_ok$ = "true"
Example 3: Nested handlers
100 WHEN EXCEPTION IN
110     DO
120        READ #1, IF MISSING THEN EXIT DO: A
130        LET I = I+1 ! I initialized outside loop
140        WHEN EXCEPTION IN
150          LET B(I) = 10006A4A
160        USE
170          ! Assume it is numeric overflow
180          LET B(I) = MAXNUM
190          CONTINUE
200        END WHEN
210     LOOP
220 USE
230     IF EXTYPE = 8101 THEN ! non-numeric data
240        RETRY            ! get next data item
250     ELSE                ! give up
260        PRINT "Unable to process file"
270        STOP
280     END IF 
290 END WHEN
13. CAUSE EXCEPTION I

                                     - 132 -




12.1.4 Semantics 
      When an exception occurs during the execution of a program-unit, the action taken 
      shall depend upon whether or not the exception occurs within a when-block. If the ex- 
      ception occurs outside a when-block, then the default exception handling procedures 
      specified in this Standard shall be applied (see 2.4). If the exception occurs within 
      a when-block, then the default exception handling procedures, which require that an 
      exception be reported, shall not be applied; instead, control shall be transferred to 
      the exception-handler associated with the inner-most protection-block within which 
      the exception occurred.
      When the protection-block is a when-use-block, the associated exception-handler is 
      that which follows the use-line of the protection-block. When the protection-block is 
      a when-use-name-block, the associated exception-handler is the detached-handler named 
      in the when-use-name-line of the protection-block. In all respects, a detached- 
      handler behaves semantically as though it were an exception-handler in the when-use- 
      block of the when-block with the exception.
      Within an exception-handler, the type of the exception which caused that handler to 
      be executed shall be obtainable as the value of the parameterless function EXTYPE. 
      The values of EXTYPE for all exceptions defined in this Standard are specified in 
      Table 2, along with the description of each exception in this Standard. The line-num- 
      ber of the line whose execution caused the exception shall be obtainable as the value 
      of the parameterless function EXLINE.
      There are four means of exiting from an exception-handler.
      - Execution of the handler-return-statement CONTINUE shall cause control to be trans-
        ferred to the statement lexically following that which caused the exception. If 
        the exception occurred in a line which begins or is part of a structure (such as a 
        do-line, loop-line, for-line, if-then-line, elseif-then-line, select-line, or 
        case-line), then control shall be transferred to the statement lexically following 
        the entire structure of which the line is a part.
      - Execution of the handler-return-statement RETRY shall cause control to be trans- 
        ferred to the statement or line which caused the exception, causing the statement 
        or line to be re-executed; if that statement was performing data retrieval, then 
        the previous input-reply or line-input-reply shall be discarded and a new one re- 
        quested.
      - If control reaches an end-when-line which terminates an exception-handler or 
        reaches an end-handler-line, then control shall be transferred to the line follow- 
        ing the end-when-line of the protection-block within which the exception occurred 
        with no further effect.
      - Execution of an exit-handler-statement shall cause the exception to be propagated
        to the lexical environment surrounding the innermost protection-block containing 
        the exception (also note the effect of calls and function invocations - see 
        below); i.e. the effect on handling the exception is as if the exception-handler 
        did not exist (except for the effect of any statements already executed in the 
        handler), and the rules for handling the original exception depend upon whether or 
        not the exception occurs within some outer when-block.
      If execution reaches a use-line in a when-use-block, or an end-when-line in a when- 
      use-name-block, then control shall be transferred to the line following the 
      protection-block of which the use-line or end-when-line is a part. If execution 
      reaches an end-handler-line of a detached-handler, control shall continue at the line 
      following the end-when-line of the when-use-name-block causing the exception. If exe- 
      cution reaches a handler-line of a detached-handler other than by the occurrence of 
      an exception, control shall then continue at the line immediately following the end- 
      handler- line.

                                     - 133 -



       A separate GOSUB stack is associated with each exception-handler (see 8.2) so RETURN 
       never attempts to transfer control into or out of an exception handler.
       Execution of a cause-statement shall result in the occurrence of a fatal exception 
       and the setting of EXTYPE to the rounded value of the exception-type.
       If an exception is caused by a statement lexically within an exception-handler, then 
       this new exception shall be handled by the default exception-handling procedures.
       If a fatal exception occurs in a procedure-part or internal-proc-def and either:
       - the line causing the fatal exception is not contained in a when-block and therefore
         no exception-handler is entered, or
       - an exception-handler is entered, an exit-handler-statement is executed with the 
         handler, and there is no lexically surrounding when-block to intercept the 
         exception,
       then the fatal exception shall be propagated back to the line that invoked the 
       procedure-part or internal-proc-def. This propagation shall continue to occur until 
       either:
       - a user-defined exception-handler resolves the exception by execution of a handler-
         return-statement o by causing control to pass to an end-handler-line or to an end- 
         when-line which terminates the exception-handler, or
       - the main program or a parallel-section is reached, in which case the default 
         exception-handling procedures are applied.
       If an exception-handler is invoked as a result of this process, then the value re- 
       turned by the EXTYPE function shall be 100000 plus the value that would have been re- 
       turned by EXTYPE in the procedure-part or integral-proc-def in which the exception 
       originally occurred. The value of EXLINE shall be the line-number of the most recent 
       line to which the exception was propagated, i.e., the line lexically within the when- 
       block associated with the exception-handler, not the line of the original exception.
       The default exception-handling procedures shall always report the EXTYPE and EXLINE 
       of the original exception.
       The value of EXTYPE for exceptions defined by local enhancements to this Standard 
       shall be negative. When negative values of EXTYPE are propagated, the value shall be 
       -100000 plus the value that would have been returned by EXTYPE for the original 
       exception.
       Values of EXTYPE from 1 to 999 will not be used by future enhancements to this 
       Standard, nor shall they be used by local enhancements to this Standard.
       The value of EXTEXT$ shall be the text part of the error message provided by the sys- 
       tem for the exception number obtained by rounding its argument to an integer. If its 
       argument is not the exception number of a standard system exception, the value of 
       EXTEXT$ shall be the null string.
       If the main-program is reached and no exception-handler is invoked there as a result 
       of the original exception, then the exception shall be handled by the default excep- 
       tion handling procedures specified in this Standard.
12.1.5 Exceptions
       A cause-statement is executed (exception-type, fatal). 
12.1.6 Remarks 
       Users should note that there are two kinds of exception propagation specified in this 
       section. First, there is "lexical" propagation, outward to surrounding protection- 
       blocks within a program-unit or internal-proc-def. If this process propagates the ex- 
       ception outside of any such protection-block, "invocation" propagation takes effect, 
       passing the exception back to invoking statements.

                      - 134 -




The function EXLINE should be used with caution, as the use of editing facilities 
which renumber lines in a program (see 16.2) may invalidate computations involving 
EXLINE. For example, the program fragment
1000 SELECT CASE INT(EXLINE/100) 
1010 CASE 1, 2
     . . .
1100 CASE 3 TO 7
     . . .

would probably behave differently if lines 100 through 800 were renumbered.
When a fatal exception is propagated back to invoking statements and the default 
exception-handling procedure is applied as a result, only the original exception's 
EXTYPE and EXLINE must be reported. Implementations may, however, also report the 
line-numbers of the lines through which the exception was propagated, or any other 
information deemed useful.
It is not possible to pass a nonfatal exception back to a calling routine since it 
will be handled either by an exception-handler in the called routine or by the system 
handler. An exception handler may, however, cause a fatal exception with a cause- 
statement.
The cause-statement is not intended actually to simulate any given exception, but 
rather to raise a fatal exception with a specified value of EXTYPE. In particular, if 
the specified EXTYPE is the same as for some nonfatal exception, implementations need 
not apply the recovery procedure as though that nonfatal exception had actually oc- 
curred. It is presumed that a program will normally contain an exception-handler to 
receive and process the exception.
All positive values of EXTYPE are reserved for future versions of this Standard. Ex- 
ceptions defined by local enhancements to this Standard should be identified by nega- 
tive values for EXTYPE, following the categories established in Table 2. The value 
returned by EXTYPE for an exception defined in a local enhancement and occurring in a 
procedure-part or internal-proc-def should be -100000 plus the negative value identi- 
fying that exception. For example, if an implementation chose an EXTYPE value of 
-4029 for an invalid argument in a new built-in function, and if that exception oc- 
curred in a subprogram, but was not handled there, then the value of EXTYPE in an 
exception-handler in a calling program should be -104029.
It is recommended that implementations use the "zero-th" value in a class of EXTYPE 
values to represent "other exceptions of this type". For example, an EXTYPE value of 
1000 might represent all overflows not defined in this Standard.
Values of EXTYPE from 1 to 999 may only occur from cause-statements in application 
programs. These values should be encouraged for use, since they will not be assigned 
standard meanings in future enhancements to this Standard.
CONTINUE should be used with caution. For instance, if an exception occurs within a 
def-statement, on-gosub-statement, on-goto-statement, or if-statement, CONTINUE will 
transfer control to the lexically following line. Such action may not be equivalent 
to resumption of normal flow of control.

                                   - 135 -




       The following example illustrates the effect of CONTINUE with control structures:
       100 WHEN EXCEPTION IN
       120     INPUT PROMPT "enter your age and weight": a, w
       130     DO WHILE a > 1
       140        IF a < 9999999999 THEN
       150           INPUT PROMPT "What is your height ": h
       160           PRINT "Check the following:"
       170           PRINT "Age:"; a, "Weight:"; w, "Height:"; h
       200           INPUT PROMPT "Enter your age": a
       210        END IF
       220        PRINT "Lexically following IF"
       230     LOOP
       240     PRINT "Lexically following DO WHILE"
     For exception in line : CONTINUE transfers control to line:
       120                             130
       130                             240
       140                             220
       150                             160
       The precise format of the values of the EXTEXT$ function is implementation-defined. 
       In particular, implementations may choose to omit, or to mark in a special way, those 
       fields in an error message that are specific to a particular instance of an excep- 
       tion, such as the line number at which the exception occurred or the value of an out- 
       of-range subscript.
12.2 Debugging (BASIC-1 and BASIC-2) 
 12.2.1 General Description 
       Debugging facilities are provided by language statements in order to allow test 
       points to be built into a program. These statements allow the user to set break 
       points, to trace the action of the program, and to turn the debugging system on and 
       off within each program-unit.
 12.2.2 Syntax 
       1. debug-statement       = DEBUG ( ON / OFF )
       2. break-statement       = BREAK
       3. trace-statement       = TRACE ON (TO channel-expression)? / TRACE OFF
 12.2.3 Examples 
       3. TRACE ON
          TRACE ON TO #3
 12.2.4 Semantics 
       Each program-unit shall have a debugging status, which is either active or inactive 
       at any given time. The debugging status of a program-unit shall persist between invo- 
       cations of that program-unit (with the exception of the main program). Changes in the 
       debugging status of one program-unit shall not affect the debugging status of any 
       other program-unit. At the beginning of execution of the program, debugging shall be 
       inactive for all program-units.
       Execution of the debug-statement DEBUG ON shall cause debugging to become active for 
       the program-unit in which that debug-statement occurs. Debugging shall remain active 
       for the remainder of that invocation of that program-unit, and for each subsequent 
       invocation of that program-unit, until the debug-statement DEBUG OFF is executed in 
       that program-unit. Execution of the debug-statement DEBUG OFF shall cause debugging 
       to become inactive for the remainder of that invocation of that program-unit, and for

                                    - 136 -




      each subsequent invocation of that program unit, until the debug-statement DEBUG ON 
      is executed in that program-unit.
      The execution of a break-statement when debugging is active shall cause an exception. 
      The standard recovery procedure from this exception shall be to report the line- 
      number of the break-statement and to signify to the user that interaction with the 
      debugging system is possible. The actions allowed by the debugging system, including 
      the method for continuing execution or terminating execution of the program, are 
      implementation-defined. If the execution of a program reaches a line containing a 
      break-statement, and debugging is inactive, then it shall proceed to the next line 
      with no other effect.
      The execution of a trace-statement when debugging is active shall turn tracing on (if 
      ON is specified) or off (if OFF is specified) in the program-unit containing the 
      trace-statement. Prior to the execution of any trace-statement upon each separate en- 
      try to a program-unit, tracing shall be off. If the execution of a program reaches a 
      line containing a trace-statement, and debugging is inactive, then it shall proceed 
      to the next line with no other effect.
      The execution of a trace-statement shall not affect the debugging status, nor shall 
      the execution of a debug-statement affect the tracing status (ON or OFF).
      Whenever tracing is on and debugging is active in a program-unit, the following 
      actions shall occur each time a line of the specified type is executed
      - for any line which interrupts the sequential order of execution of lines in a pro- 
        gram, both the line-number of that line and the line-number of the next line to be 
        executed shall be reported; and
      - for any line which assigns a value to a variable or to an element of an array, both
        the line-number of that line and any values assigned by execution of that line 
        shall be reported. Whenever tracing has been turned on via a trace-statement with 
        a channel-expression, trace reports shall be directed to the (display format) file 
        assigned to the specified channel. If no channel-expression has been specified, 
        the trace report shall be directed to the device associated with channel zero.
      The contents of the trace report are implementation-defined, but shall include at 
      least the name of the variable traced, as that name lexically appears in the state- 
      ment causing the TRACE report, and its value; if the variable is an array element, 
      the value(s) of its subscripts shall also be included.
12.2.5 Exceptions 
      - A break-statement is executed when debugging is active (10007, nonfatal: the recov- 
        ery procedure is to report the line-number of the statement and to permit interac- 
        tion with the debugging system).
      - An attempt is made to direct a trace report to an inactive channel. (7401, fatal).
      - An attempt is made to direct a trace report to a file which is not display format 
        opened with access OUTPUT or OUTIN (7402, fatal).
12.2.6 Remarks 
      Since an array-assignment assigns a value to each element of an array, tracing an 
      array-assignment causes reporting of all new array element values.
      The form of all trace reports is implementation-defined.
      Implementations may provide debugging facilities through commands in addition to 
      statements. It is recommended that such commands use the same keywords as the 
      statements.

            - 137 -

13. GRAPHICS

                                      - 138 -




13. GRAPHICS 
    The facilities provided in section 13.1 through 13.3 are a subset of those provided by 
    level Ob of the Graphical Kernel System (GKS) as defined in ISO 7942. The values of the 
    EXTYPE function for exceptions defined in GKS are 11000 plus the value of the GKS error 
    number.
    In GKS terms, any BASIC program that includes statements from Section 13 of this Standard 
    has implied calls to the functions OPEN GKS, OPEN WORKSTATION (#0, "Maindev", 1), and 
    ACTIVE WORKSTATION #0 before any graphics statements are executed, and calls to the func- 
    tions DEACTIVE WORSTATION #0, CLOSE WORKSTATION #0 and CLOSE GKS as the program terminates.
  13.1 Coordinate Systems 
  13.1.1 General Description
        The coordinates used to produce graphic output may be chosen to suit the application. 
        The range of this system of "problem coordinates" (world coordinates) is established 
        by a SET WINDOW statement. This range is mapped into a rectangular portion of an ab- 
        stract viewing surface which can be specified by a SET VIEWPORT statement. It is pos- 
        sible to specify what part of this abstract viewing surface will be presented to the 
        user on the display surface by a SET DEVICE WINDOW statement. This rectangle, in 
        turn, may be located on the display surface by a SET DEVICE VIEWPORT statement.
        No output will be produced outside the device viewport. It is possible to guarantee 
        that all graphic output which lies outside the viewport will be eliminated by en- 
        abling clipping.
        Ask statements are provided to determine the current values for the parameters estab- 
        lished by execution of one of the set statements or by default.
  13.1.2 Syntax 
         1. set-object            > WINDOW boundaries / VIEWPORT boundaries / DEVICE 
                                    WINDOW boundaries / DEVICE VIEWPORT boundaries 
                                    / CLIP string-expression
         2. boundaries            = boundary comma boundary comma boundary comma boundary
         3. boundary              = numeric-expression
         4. ask-statement         > ASK ask-object status-clause?
         5. status-clause         = STATUS numeric-variable
         6. ask-object            > WINDOW boundary-variables / VIEWPORT 
                                    boundary-variables / DEVICE WINDOW
                                    boundary-variables / DEVICE VIEWPORT 
                                    boundary-variables / DEVICE SIZE
                                    numeric-variable comma numeric-variable comma 
                                    string-variable / CLIP string-variable
         7. boundary-variables    = numeric-variable comma numeric-variable comma 
                                    numeric-variable comma numeric-variable
  13.1.3 Examples 
        1. WINDOW 0, PI62, -1, 1
           VIEWPORT .5*width, width, .5*height, height 
           DEVICE WINDOW 0, .8, 0, 1
           DEVICE VIEWPORT .3, .5, .1, 1
           CLIP "Off"

                           - 139 -



     4. ASK WINDOW Xl, X2, Yl, Y2
       ASK VIEWPORT L, R, B, T
       ASK DEVICE WINDOW XMIN, XMAX, YMIN, YMAX
       ASK DEVICE VIEWPORT LEFT, RIGHT, BOTTOM, TOP 
       ASK DEVICE SIZE Width, Height, Unit$
       ASK CLIP CLIP_STATE$
13.1.4 Semantics 
     Graphic output is specified in problem coordinates. A normalization transformation 
     defines the mapping from the problem coordinate system onto the normalized device co- 
     ordinate (NDC) space which can be regarded as an abstract viewing surface.
     The normalization transformation is specified by defining the limits of a rectangular 
     area, called a window, in problem coordinates. The window is mapped linearly onto a 
     specified rectangular area, called a viewport, in NDC space.
     Execution of a set-statement with the keyword WINDOW shall establish the boundaries 
     of the window. The parameters represent the problem coordinates of the left, right, 
     bottom, and top edges, in that order, of the window rectangle. At the start of pro- 
     gram execution the window values are (0, 1, 0, 1).
     Execution of a set-statement with the keyword VIEWPORT shall establish the viewport 
     boundaries. The parameters represent the normalized device coordinates of the left, 
     right, bottom, and top edges, in that order, of the viewport rectangle. Viewport co- 
     ordinates must not be less than zero not more than one. The value of the left coordi- 
     nate shall be less than the right, and the bottom less than the top. At the start of 
     program execution the viewport values are (0, 1, 0, 1).
     The viewport may also be used to define a clipping rectangle. Execution of a set- 
     statement with the keyword CLIP shall enable or disable clipping to the viewport 
     boundary (see Section 13.3) depending on whether the value of the string-expression 
     is "ON" or "OFF". The letters in the value of the string-expression may be any combi- 
     nation of upper-case and lower-case. At the start of program execution, clipping 
     shall be enabled.
     A device transformation is used to map a rectangle in NDC space called a device win- 
     dow uniformly onto a rectangle on a physical surface called a device viewport. This 
     transformation shall perform equal scaling with a positive scale for both axes. To 
     ensure equal scaling, the device transformation maps the device window onto the 
     largest rectangle that can fit within the device viewport such that the aspect ratio 
     of the device window is preserved and the lower-left corner of the device window is 
     mapped onto the lower-left corner of the device viewport.
     Execution of a set-statement with the keyword DEVICE WINDOW shall establish the 
     boundaries of the device window. The parameters represent the normalized device coor- 
     dinates of the left, right, bottom, and top edges, in that order, of the device widow 
     rectangle. These coordinates shall not be less than zero not greater than one. The 
     value of the left coordinate shall be less than the right, and the bottom less than 
     the top. At the start of program execution, the device window values are (0, 1, 0, 
     1). To ensure that no output outside the device window is displayed, clipping takes 
     place at the device window boundaries. This clipping may not be disabled. Execution 
     of a set-statement with the keywords DEVICE WINDOW shall cause the display surface to 
     be cleared if it is not already clear.

                               - 140 -




      The figure below illustrates the relationship between the window, the viewport, the 
      device window, and the device viewport; clipping is assumed "ON".

    Window                          Viewport
                                                         Device viewport





                               Device window


Problem coordinates              NDC Space                   DC Space

      Execution of a set-statement with the keywords DEVICE VIEWPORT shall establish the 
      boundaries of the device viewport. The parameters represent the coordinates of the 
      left, right, bottom, and top edges, in that order of the device viewport rectangle. 
      Units for the device viewport shall be meters on a device capable of producing a pre- 
      cisely scaled image and appropriate device dependent coordinates otherwise. The left 
      and bottom edges of a display surface are represented by the coordinate value zero. 
      At the start of program execution, the device viewport is the entire screen. Execu- 
      tion of a set-statement with the keywords DEVICE VIEWPORT shall cause the display 
      surface to be cleared if it is not already clear.
      If a status-clause is included in an ask-statement, a status associated with the exe- 
      cution of the ask-statement shall be returned in the numeric-variable. If the 
      statement returned meaningful values for the ask-object, a value of zero shall be re- 
      turned in the status-clause. If the ask-statement could not return meaningful values 
      for the ask-object a nonzero value shall be returned in the status-clause that is de- 
      fined with the semantics of the particular ask-object. If an ask-statement with a 
      particular ask-object is always expected to return meaningful values, the semantics 
      for that ask-object do not specify alternate status values and zero shall always be 
      returned.
      Execution of an ask-statement with one of the keywords WINDOW, VIEWPORT, DEVICE 
      WINDOW, or DEVICE VIEWPORT shall provide the current values for the specified rectan- 
      gle. Values for the left, right, bottom and top sides, respectively, shall be as- 
      signed to the boundary-variables equal to the values last established by a set- 
      statement, or, if no appropriate set-statement has been executed, equal to the 
      default value.
      Execution of an ask-statement with the keywords DEVICE SIZE shall assign to the first 
      numeric variable the size in the horizontal direction and shall assign to the second 
      numeric variable the size in the vertical direction of the available display surface. 
      The string-variable shall be assigned the value "METERS" if the sizes are in meters 
      or the value "OTHER" if the units of measure are device coordinates of other units. 
      The values "METERS" and "OTHER" shall consist of upper-case-letters.
      Execution of an ask-statement with the keyword CLIP shall assign the value "ON" to 
      the string-variable if clipping is enabled and the value "OFF" if it is disabled. The 
      values returned shall be all upper-case-letters.

                                   - 141 -




 13.1.5 Exceptions 
       - The boundaries in a set-statement specify a rectangle of zero width or height 
         (11051, nonfatal: continue with current values).
       - The boundaries in a set-statement with the keywords VIEWPORT, DEVICE WINDOW, or 
         DEVICE VIEWPORT specify a rectangle of negative width or height (11051, nonfatal: 
         continue with current values).
       - A boundary of the viewport is not in the range [0, 1] (11052 nonfatal: continue 
         with current values).
       - A boundary of the device window is not in the range [0, 1] (11053, nonfatal: con- 
         tinue with current values).
       - A boundary of the device viewport is not in the display space (11054, nonfatal: 
         continue with current values).
       - The value of the string-expression in a set-statement with the keyword CLIP is nei- 
         ther "ON" nor "OFF" after conversion to upper-case (4101, nonfatal: continue with 
         current value).
 13.1.6 Remarks 
       The manner in which a particular graphic display device is selected by a program is 
       implementation-defined.
       The meaning of a window with the left edge greater than the right or the bottom edge 
       greater than the top is implementation-defined. If possible, implementations should 
       provide appropriately inverted images. The effect of all graphic output is defined in 
       terms of the abstract problem space, in which lower values are to the left and down, 
       and higher values to the right and up. When this problem space is mapped to NDC, it 
       may be inverted as indicated by the order of the WINDOW boundaries. This relaxes the 
       GKS rule that states that reversal window coordinates causes an error.
       SET WINDOW, SET VIEWPORT, SET DEVICE WINDOW, and SET DEVICE VIEWPORT correspond to 
       the GKS functions SET WINDOW, SET VIEWPORT, SET WORKSTATION WINDOW, and SET 
       WORKSTATION VIEWPORT, respectively. The GKS transformation number is one in these 
       statements as defined above. The GKS workstation number is #0 in these statements.
       SET CLIP corresponds to the GKS function SET CLIPPING INDICATOR.
       ASK WINDOW and ASK VIEWPORT correspond to the GKS function INQUIRE NORMALIZATION 
       TRANSFORMATION for normalization transformation one.
       ASK CLIP corresponds to the GKS function INQUIRE CLIPPING INDICATOR.
       ASK DEVICE WINDOW and ASK DEVICE VIEWPORT correspond to the current workstation win- 
       dow and current workstation viewport parameters, respectively, of the GKS function 
       INQUIRE WORKSTATION TRANSFORMATION with a workstation identifier of one.
       ASK DEVICE VIEWPORT before any SET DEVICE VIEWPORT may be used to find the device co- 
       ordinates of the full available device surface.
       ASK DEVICE SIZE corresponds to the device coordinate units and maximum display sur- 
       face size in device coordinate units parameters of the GKS function INQUIRE MAXIMUM 
       DISPLAY SURFACE SIZE.
13.2 Attributes and Screen Control 
 13.2.1 General Description
       A graphical display device may possess several styles of lines or points, each with a 
       particular width or texture. A particular style may be selected for graphic output. A

                                     - 142 -




       graphic device also may be able to draw lines and/or fill areas in a variety of col-
       ors. Particular colors may be selected for line drawing and screen background.
       The current style and color of the geometric object may be determined by ask- 
       statements. The number of colors and the number of line or point styles available may 
       also be determined by ask-statements.
       The clear-statement clears the entire screen, returning it to its background color. 
       For hard-copy devices, the clear-statement causes the paper to advance, the pen to 
       move aside, or similar action.
       This Standard provides text of one style and size that shall be output horizontally 
       with the initial-point at the left.
13.2.2 Syntax
        1. imperative-statement   > clear-statement
        2. clear-statement        = CLEAR
        3. set-object             > primitive-1 STYLE index / primitive-2 COLOR index
        4. primitive-2            = primitive-1 /TEXT / AREA
        5. primitive-1            = POINT / LINE
        6. rgb-list               > [deleted]
        7. ask-object             > primitive-1 STYLE numeric-variable / primitive-2 
                                    COLOR numeric-variable / MAX primitive-1 STYLE 
                                    numeric-variable / MAX COLOR numeric-variable
        8. mix-list               = [deleted]
        9. text-facet             = [deleted]
13.2.3 Examples 
       3. LINE STYLE 2 
         TEXT COLOR 5
       7. Max color color_max
         Max point style PtStyles
13.2.4 Semantics 
       Execution of a clear-statement shall clear the graphic display if not already clear. 
       For soft-copy devices, it shall erase the screen. For hard-copy devices, it shall ad- 
       vance the medium or allow the device operator to change it.
       Execution of a set-statement with the keywords LINE STYLE or POINT STYLE shall cause 
       the index to be evaluated by rounding to obtain an integer N and shall establish the 
       style for subsequent lines or points to be the Nth one of the set of available line 
       or point styles. The number of line styles available is implementation-defined, but 
       shall be at least three. A line style of one must correspond to drawing of solid 
       lines. A line style of two shall correspond to drawing of dashed lines. A line style 
       of three shall correspond to dotted lines. All other values for line style are 
       implementation-defined. At the initiation of program execution, the line style shall 
       be one.
       Point styles produce centered symbols. The number of point styles is implementation- 
       defined, but shall be at least three. A point style of one must correspond to a 
       dot (.), a point style of two to a plus sign (+), a point style of three to an 
       asterisk (*). All other values for point-style are implementation-defined. At the 
       start of program execution, the point style shall be three.
       Execution of an ask-statement with the keywords LINE STYLE or POINT STYLE shall as- 
       sign the number of the actual current line style or point style to the numeric- 
       variable.

                                     - 143 -




       Execution of an ask-statement with the keywords MAX LINE STYLE or MAX POINT STYLE 
       shall assign to the numeric-variable the largest value of LINE STYLE or POINT STYLE, 
       respectively, available.
       All values for style shall be valid from one to the number returned by ASK MAX POINT 
       STYLE or ASK MAX LINE STYLE.
       Execution of a set-statement with the one of the keyword pairs POINT COLOR, LINE 
       COLOR, TEXT COLOR, or AREA COLOR shall cause the index to be evaluated by rounding to 
       obtain an integer N and shall establish the color index of subsequent points, lines, 
       text, or filled areas to be the Nth one of the set of colors, if possible with the 
       current graphics device. This color is called a foreground color. At the initiation 
       of execution, the color associated with each index is implementation-defined, and the 
       foreground color indices shall all have the value one. The number of colors available 
       is implementation-defined.
       Execution of an ask-statement with one of the keyword pairs POINT COLOR, LINE COLOR, 
       TEXT COLOR, or AREA COLOR shall assign to the numeric-variable the current value of 
       the color index for points, lines, text or filled areas, as appropriate.
       Execution of an ask-statement with the keywords MAX COLOR shall assign to the 
       numeric-variable the largest distinct value available as an index for SET POINT 
       COLOR, SET LINE COLOR, SET TEXT COLOR, or SET AREA COLOR. All values for color index 
       from zero to this value should be valid.
 13.2.5 Exceptions 
       - A color index in a set-statement with the keywords POINT COLOR, LINE COLOR, TEXT 
         COLOR, or AREA COLOR is less than zero or greater than the maximum color index for 
         the implementation (11085, nonfatal: use the implementation default).
       - The value of the numeric-expression in a set-statement with the keywords LINE STYLE 
         is less than or equal to zero or greater than the maximum style available (11062, 
         nonfatal: use the value one).
       - The value of the numeric-expression in a set-statement with the keywords POINT 
         STYLE is less than or equal to zero or greater than the maximum style available 
         (11056, nonfatal: use the value three).
 13.2.6 Remarks 
       It is recommended that implementations make the value returned by ASK MAX COLOR the 
       same as the number of colors (not counting background color) available for simultane- 
       ous display, not the total number of different colors available on the device.
       The CLEAR statement corresponds to the GKS function CLEAR WORKSTATION (#0, 
       CONDITIONALLY). SET LINE STYLE and SET POINT STYLE corresponds to the GKS functions 
       SET LINETYPE and SET MARKER TYPE, respectively. SET LINE COLOR, SET POINT COLOR, SET 
       TEXT COLOR, and SET AREA COLOR correspond to the GKS functions SET POLYLINE COLOUR 
       INDEX, SET POLYMARKER COLOUR INDEX, SET TEXT COLOUR INDEX, and SET FILL AREA COLOUR 
       INDEX, respectively.
       The following ask-objects correspond to various parameters of the GKS function 
       INQUIRE CURRENT INDIVIDUAL ATTRIBUTE VALUES: LINESTYLE is linetype, POINSTYLE is 
       marker type, LINE COLOR is polyline colour index, POINT COLOR is polymarker colour 
       index, TEXT COLOR is text colour index and AREA COLOR is fill area colour index.
13.3 Graphic Output
 13.3.1 General Description
       The statements described in this section are used to generate various kinds of 
       graphic output. The user may cause points, line segments, or filled-in areas to be

                                   - 144 -




      drawn on the screen. There is a facility for including text within the drawing. The 
      effect of the graphic output statements depends on the current values of the various 
      set-objects described in section 13.1 and 13.2.
13.3.2 Syntax
       1. imperative-statement  > graphic-output-statement
       2. graphic-output-statement > geometric-statement / graphic-text-statement
       3. geometric-statement   > graphic-verb geometric-object colon point-list
       4. graphic-verb          > GRAPH
       5. geometric-object      = POINTS / LINES / AREA
       6. point-list            = coordinate-pair (semicolon coordinate-pair)*
       7. coordinate-pair       = numeric-expression comma numeric-expression
       8. array-geometric-statement = [deleted]
       9. size-select           = [deleted]
      10. array-point-list        [deleted]
      11. graphic-text-statement  graphic-verb TEXT initial-point (comma USING image 
                                  colon expression-list / colon
                                  string-expression)
      12. initial-point         = comma AT coordinate-pair
      13. array-cells-statement = [deleted]
      14. point-pair            = [deleted]
      A graphic-output-statement with LINES as the geometric-object must contain at least 
      two coordinate-pairs in its point-list. A graphic-output-statement with AREA as the 
      geometric-object must contain at least three coordinate-pairs in its point-list.
13.3.3 Examples 
       3. GRAPH LINES: 3,4; 5,6; 66.66,77.77
      11. GRAPH TEXT, AT XP, YP: "here is the label: " & TEXT$ 
          GRAPH TEXT, AT 0,Y_VALUE, USING        Y_VALUE
13.3.4 Semantics 
      The graphic-output-statement 
      Graphic-output-statements are the means by which the user generates all graphic out- 
      put. The geometric-statement is used to draw a series of marked points, a contiguous 
      set of line segments, or a filled polygon area. The graphic-text-statement produces 
      alphanumeric labels.
      The geometric-statement
      The geometric-statement makes use of a sequence of points specified in problem 
      coordinates. That sequence is determined by the coordinate-pairs in the point-list, 
      the first coordinate-pair designating the first point and so on through the end of 
      the point-list.
      If the geometric-object is POINTS, then a point marker of the style and color indi- 
      cated by the current value of POINT STYLE and POINT COLOR shall be drawn at each 
      point in the sequence. If the geometric-object is LINES, then a line segment shall be 
      drawn connecting each successive pair of points in the sequence, the first to the 
      second, the second to the third, and so on. Thus, the number of line segments shall 
      be one fewer than the number of points in the sequence. The style and color of the 
      segments are determined by the current value of LINE STYLE and LINE COLOR. If the 
      geometric-object is AREA, then a filled polygon is drawn whose edges consist of the 
      sequence of line segments as described above for LINES. If the first and last points 
      in the sequence are not coincident, then the line segment joining them completes the 
      outline. The color of the interior and edge is determined by the current value of 
      AREA COLOR. The interior of the polygon is defined as the set of all points (pixels)

                                  - 145 -



      such that any line segment beginning at that point and extended indefinitely in any 
      direction will cross the polygon boundary an odd number of times. The fill pattern 
      shall be solid on devices where this is possible.
      The graphic-text-statement
      The graphic-text-statement draws a label consisting of the string of characters gen- 
      erated by its string-expression, or by its image and expression-list. The characters 
      used for labels shall have an implementation-defined size and style. The effect of 
      clipping on characters which lie partly in and partly out of the viewport on the 
      screen is implementation-defined.
13.3.5 Exceptions 
      - A graphic-output-statement with LINES as the geometric-object specifies fewer than
        two points (11100, fatal)
      - A graphic-output-statement with AREA as the geometric-object specifies fewer than
        three points (11100, fatal)
13.3.6 Remarks 
      The graphic-text-statement is designed to give easy access to a device's hardware- 
      generated character set.
      Text is described with respect to problem coordinates and may become distorted when 
      the aspect ratio of the window and viewport differ.
      If a device is unable to fill a polygon, it is recommended that the outline of the 
      polygon be drawn and the interior be hashed or shaded in a manner corresponding to 
      the current color number.
      It is recommended that the result of filling an area consisting solely of colinear 
      points be a line segment through those points, that filling or drawing a line through 
      a set of coincident points result in a dot being drawn.
      GRAPH POINTS correspond to the GKS function POLYMARKER. GRAPH LINES correspond to the 
      GKS function POLYLINE. GRAPH AREA correspond to the GKS function FILL AREA. GRAPH 
      TEXT is an extension of the GKS function TEXT in that it allows formatting of text 
      with USING.

                  - 146 -

15. FIXED DECIMAL NUMBERS

                                - 147 -




15. FIXED DECIMAL NUMBERS (BASIC-2 only) 
   This Section specifies an option in which the values of all numeric variables behave logi- 
   cally as fixed-point decimal numbers with program-defined precisions. Use of this option 
   also implies that numeric-constants and numeric-expressions generally, are represented as 
   fixed-point decimal numbers. Implementation of this Section is mandatory in BASIC-2.
   The main intent of this data type is to provide an interface with non-BASIC processors, and 
   as a result, the precision and accuracy requirements for numeric-expressions are not speci- 
   fied.
15.1 Fixed Decimal Precision 
 15.1.1 General Description
       An option is provided which allows definition of all numeric variables in a program- 
       unit as having fixed-point decimal numbers as values. The specification of this op- 
       tion defines a default precision for the values of variables. In addition, other pre- 
       cision attributes can be specified for individual variables.
 15.1.2 Syntax
       1. option             > ARITHMETIC FIXED fixed-point-type
       2. fixed-point-type   = asterisk fixed-point-size
       3. numeric-type       > NUMERIC fixed-point-type? fixed-declaration (comma 
                              fixed-declaration)*
       4. fixed-declaration  = simple-numeric-variable fixed-point-type? / 
                              numeric-array-declaration fixed-point-type?
       An option-statement with an ARITHMETIC FIXED option, if present at all, shall occur 
       in a lower-numbered line than any numeric-expression, numeric-variable, or any 
       declare-statement with NUMERIC in the same program-unit.
       A fixed-declaration, if present at all, shall occur in a lower-numbered line than any 
       reference to the variable or array declared therein.
       A fixed-point-size may appear in a declare-statement only if the ARITHMETIC FIXED op- 
       tion has been specified for the program-unit.
       Variables and arrays shall not be described more than once, in either a declare- 
       statement, a dimension-statement, or as a function-parameter or procedure-parameter.
 15.1.3 Examples 
       1. ARITHMETIC FIXED68.2
       3. NUMERIC*5.2 A, B, C*5.5, D (1 TO 8)66.6 
         NUMERIC  E (1 TO 10, 1961 TO 1981)
 15.1.4 Semantics 
       When the ARITHMETIC FIXED option is specified, then the values of numeric constants, 
       variables, and expressions shall behave logically as fixed-point decimal numbers. In 
       the case of variables, this means that the set of values they are capable of assuming 
       are exactly those values which can be expressed with integer-size decimal digits to 
       the left of the decimal point and fraction-size digits to the right, together with 
       the sign. The sign is not counted in the size of the representation. Each implementa- 
       tion shall define a maximum precision, P, which controls the number of decimal digits 
       available for the representation of numeric values. This precision shall not be less 
       than 18.
       The semantics for numeric-constants are as specified in Section 5.1, except as fol- 
       lows. Each numeric constant has a precision attribute defined by the number of sig- 
       nificant decimal digits. The first significant digit is either the first nonzero 
       digit, or the digit immediately to the right of the decimal point, whichever is far-

                               - 148 -




ther left. The last significant digit is the last explicitly written or the digit im- 
mediately to the left of the decimal point, whichever is farther right. In the spe- 
cial case of zero, there is at least one significant digit, namely immediately to the 
left of the decimal point. A numeric-constant written in scaled notation is inter- 
preted as if expressed in the equivalent unscaled notation.
For example: 
constant as written          significant digits
12.34                        12.34
12.300                       12.300
12.300E-4                    .0012300
12.300E7                     123000000.
00.00E-3                     .00000
0.0E3                        0.
If the number of significant digits exceeds P, the implementation shall round the 
value to no fewer than P digits. If the number of significant digits to the left of 
the decimal point exceeds P, an overflow exception results.
Each simple-numeric-variable and numeric-array has a precision attribute defined in 
terms of the number of digits maintained in the integer part and the fraction part, 
namely integer-size and fraction-size. The representation of variables and arrays is 
governed by (in descending order of precedence):
- the fixed-point-size specified in the fixed-declaration of the variable or array, 
  or,
- the fixed-point-size following DECLARE NUMERIC in a declare-statement containing a 
  fixed-declaration for the variable or array, or
- the default fixed-point-size specified in the ARITHMETIC FIXED option. 
The precision attribute of a numeric-array applies to each of its elements. The sig- 
nificant digits for a numeric-variable are the same as if the variable were written 
out with its full precision as a numeric-constant.
The semantics of numeric-expressions and numeric-supplied-functions are as specified 
in 5.3 and 5.4, except a follows. The precision attribute of the result obtained by 
evaluating a numeric-supplied-function or numeric-expression is implementation- 
defined. The accuracy of such evaluation is also implementation-defined.
Assignment of a numeric value to a numeric-variable, whether done by internal assign- 
ment (such as with LET), or from an external source (such as with INPUT), proceeds as 
follows. The integer part and fraction part of the value are moved to the integer 
part and fraction part of the variable, aligned on the decimal point. If any nonzero 
digits are truncated on the left of the integer part, an overflow exception results. 
If any digits are truncated on the right of the fraction part, the resulting value in 
the variable is rounded to the precision of the variable. If necessary, the value is 
extended with zeros on the left of the integer part, or the right of the fraction 
part so as to fill all the digit places of the receiving variable.
The semantics for input and output are as specified in Section 10, except as follows. 
When a numeric-expression is used as a print-item in a print-statement, its value is 
always printed in unscaled representation, either implicit point or explicit point. 
The digits printed are exactly the significant digits, as defined above. Note that 
for numeric-expressions other than variables and constants, significant digits are 
implementation-defined. Implicit point representation shall be used when there are no 
significant digits to the right of the decimal point; otherwise explicit point repre- 
sentation shall be used.
The semantics for file areas are as specified in Section 11, with the following 
additions. For DISPLAY records, the rules given above for input, output, and

                                        - 149 -




        assignment are used. For INTERNAL records, the values are self-typed, and so input 
        and output takes place as defined above. Thus, the result of WRITE A and READ B, 
        where they access the same value in the file, is the same as LET B = A. Note that it 
        is implementation-defined whether an INTERNAL file accessed with one ARITHMETIC 
        option is accessible with another. The ARITHMETIC FIXED option with different default 
        precisions is not considered to be a different option for the purposes of 
        accessibility. For NATIVE records, assignment of values to and from fields of fixed- 
        point-size takes place in accordance with the usual rules for fixed-point assignment. 
        When a value is moved to a field with a size of E (indicating floating-point), at 
        least the first P significant digits must be retained exactly. When a value obtained 
        from such a field is assigned to a variable, the field is treated as a scaled 
        numeric-constant, as described above. Again, note that it is implementation-defined 
        whether a NATIVE file accessed with one ARITHMETIC option is accessible with another. 
        The ask-attribute DATUM returns the type of the next datum in a file. For numeric 
        data in STREAM INTERNAL files written with the FIXED option, the type returned by the 
        ask-attribute DATUM shall be:
        uNUMERIC*ii.ff",
        where ii is the two digit number for integer-size and ff the two digit number for 
        fraction-size.
 15.1.5 Exceptions 
        - The number of significant digits in the integer part of a numeric-constant
          exceeds P (1001, fatal).
        - In an option-statement or a declare-statement, the sum of integer-size and 
          fraction-size in a fixed-point-size exceeds P (1010, fatal).
        - Upon assignment of a numeric value to a variable, the number of significant digits 
          in the integer part exceeds the variable's integer-size (1011, fatal).
 15.1.6 Remarks 
        It is recommended that the accuracy of transcendental functions such as LOG, COSH, 
        ATN, SIN, and EXP be no less than that specified for OPTION ARITHMETIC DECIMAL. It is 
        recommended that for non-transcendental functions, such as ABS INT, and MAX, and for 
        the operations +, ", /, and -, an intermediate result be maintained as floating- 
        point decimal with P+2 significant digits. This would imply that whenever all the 
        intermediate results of a numeric-expression are exact within P+2 decimal digits and 
        the final result is exact within P decimal digits, then the final result is exactly 
        correct.
15.2 Fixed Decimal Program Segmentation 
 15.2.1 General Description
        When the fixed decimal option is specified for a program-unit, it applies to all nu- 
        meric entities in the scope of that unit, including parameters, formal parameters, 
        and (in the case of an external-function-def) the result of function evaluation.
 15.2.2 Syntax
        1. function-parameter       > numeric-fixed-parameter
        2. procedure-parameter      > numeric-fixed-parameter 
        3. numeric-fixed-parameter  = simple-numeric-variable fixed-point-type / 
                                      fixed-formal-array
        4. fixed-formal-array       = formal-array fixed-point-type
        5. internal-function-line   > line-number FUNCTION fixed-defined-function 
                                      function-parm-list? tail

                                   - 150 -




      6. external-function-line > line-number EXTERNAL FUNCTION fixed-defined-function 
                                 function-parm-list? tail
      7. numeric-def-statement  > DEF fixed-defined-function function-parm-list? 
                                 equals-sign numeric-expression
      8. defined-function       > fixed-defined-function
      9. fixed-defined-function = numeric-defined-function fixed-point-type
      A numeric-variable or actual-array appearing in a call-statement shall have the same 
      integer-size and fraction-size as the corresponding procedure-parameter. For all 
      other numeric function-argument or procedure-arguments and their corresponding 
      function-parameters or procedure-parameters, it is necessary only that the ARITHMETIC 
      options of their respective program-units agree, i.e., that both be DECIMAL or NATIVE 
      or FIXED.
      An option-statement with an ARITHMETIC FIXED option shall occur in a lower-numbered 
      line within the program-unit than any internal-function-def that declares a numeric- 
      defined-function or specifies numeric parameters.
      A fixed-point-type may appear in an internal-function-line or numeric-def-statement 
      only if the ARITHMETIC FIXED option has been specified for the program-unit.
      A numeric-fixed-parameter may be used only if the ARITHMETIC FIXED option has been 
      specified for the program-unit.
      When a fixed-defined-function is declared in a function-type, the fixed-point-sizes 
      specified either explicitly or by default in the declaration and the corresponding 
      definition must agree.
15.2.3 Examples 
      3. A()*8.2
         B(, )*4.4
      5. 123 FUNCTION SUMVECTOR*5.2 (V()*5.2)
      6. 234 EXTERNAL FUNCTION ANSWER*1 (A$)
      7. DEF AVERAGE*10.3 (X*10.3, Y*10.3) = (X+Y)/2
15.2.4 Semantics 
      When the ARITHMETIC FIXED option is specified for a program-unit, the values of nu- 
      meric procedure-parameters, numeric function-parameters, and numeric-defined- 
      functions shall be represented and manipulated as fixed-point decimal numbers. If the 
      fixed-point-size of one of these is not explicitly specified in the appropriate 
      procedure-parameter or function-parameter, internal-def-line or internal-function- 
      line or external-function-line, then it is assumed to be the default specified in the 
      ARITHMETIC FIXED option. The fixed-point-size of a normal-array applies to each of 
      its elements.
      The evaluation and assignment of the arguments in a function reference to the parame- 
      ters of the function-def proceed as described in 9.1, with the following addition. In 
      the case where the fixed-point-size of an argument differs from that of the corre- 
      sponding parameter, the assignment rules given in 15.1.4 apply.
      The association of the procedure-arguments in a call-statement with the procedure- 
      parameters in the corresponding sub-statement proceeds as described in Section 9.2, 
      with the following addition. In the case where the fixed-point-size of a procedure- 
      argument which is a numeric-expression, but not a numeric-variable, differs from that 
      of the corresponding procedure-parameter, the assignment rules given in 15.1.4 apply.

                                    - 151 -




15.2.5 Exceptions 
      - In a numeric-fixed-parameter or fixed-defined-function, the sum of the integer-size 
        and fraction-size in a fixed-point-size exceeds P (1010, fatal).
      - Upon assignment of a numeric value to a numeric-fixed-parameter or fixed-defined- 
        function, the number of significant digits in the integer part exceeds the 
        integer-size of the numeric-fixed-parameter of fixed-defined-function (1011, 
        fatal).
15.2.6 Remarks 
      None.

                              - 152 -





                         TABLE 1
                   Standard BASIC Character Set


The name of the characters indicated in the table correspond to the name of the characters in 
Standard ECMA-6. Where different names are used in this Standard for the syntax of BASIC, these 
names are indicated between parentheses.


     ORDINAL
     POSITION CODEGRAPHICACRONYM NAME

     O.       0/0        NUL     NULL
     1.       0/1        SOH     START OF HEADING
     2.       0/2        STX     START OF TEXT
     3.       0/3        ETX     END OF TEXT
     4.       0/4        EOT     END OF TRANSMISSION
     5.       0/5        ENQ     ENQUIRY
     6.       0/6        ACK     ACKNOWLEDGE
     7.       0/7        BEL     BELL
     8.       0/8        BS      BACKSPACE
     9.       0/9        HT      HORIZONTAL TABULATION
     10.      0/10       LF      LINE FEED
     11.      0/11       VT      VERTICAL TABULATION
     12.      0/12       FF      FORM FEED
     13.      0/13       CR      CARRIAGE RETURN
     14.      0/14       SO      SHIFT OUT
     15.      0/15       SI      SHIFT IN
     16.      1/0        DLE     DATA LINK ESCAPE
     17.      1/1        DC1     DEVICE CONTROL ONE
     18.      1/2        DC2     DEVICE CONTROL TWO
     19.      1/3        DC3     DEVICE CONTROL THREE
     20.      1/4        DC4     DEVICE CONTROL FOUR
     21.      1/5        NAK     NEGATIVE ACKNOWLEDGE
     22.      1/6        SYN     SYNCHRONOUS IDLE
     23.      1/7        ETB     END OF TRANSMISSION BLOCK
     24.      1/8        CAN     CANCEL
     25.      1/9        EM      END OF MEDIUM
     26.      1/10       SUB     SUBSTITUTE
     27.      1/11       ESC     ESCAPE
     28.      1/12       FS      FILE SEPARATOR
     29.      1/13       GS      GROUP SEPARATOR
     30.      1/14       RS      RECORD SEPARATOR
     31.      1/15       US      UNIT SEPARATOR
     32.      2/0        SP      SPACE
     33.      2/1   !            EXCLAMATION MARK
     34.      2/2   "            QUOTATION MARK
     35.      2/3   #            NUMBER SIGN
     36.      2/4   $            DOLLAR SIGN
     37.      2/5   %            PERCENT SIGN
     38.      2/6   &            AMPERSAND
     39.      2/7   '            APOSTROPHE
     40.      2/8   (            LEFT PARENTHESIS
     41.      2/9   )            RIGHT PARENTHESIS
     42.      2/10  *            ASTERISK

                                     - 153 -







43.          2/11      +                  PLUS SIGN
44.          2/12      ,                  COMMA
45.          2/13      -                  MINUS SIGN
46.          2/14      .                  FULL STOP (Period)
47.          2/15      /                  SOLIDUS (Slant)
48.          3/0       0                  DIGIT ZERO
49.          3/1       1                  DIGIT ONE
50.          3/2       2                  DIGIT TWO
51.          3/3       3                  DIGIT THREE
52.          3/4       4                  DIGIT FOUR
53.          3/5       5                  DIGIT FIVE
54.          3/6       6                  DIGIT SIX
55.          3/7       7                  DIGIT SEVEN
56.          3/8       8                  DIGIT EIGHT
57.          3/9       9                  DIGIT NINE
58.          3/10      :                  COLON
59.          3/11      ;                  SEMICOLON
60.          3/12      <                  LESS-THAN SIGN
61.          3/13      =                  EQUALS SIGN
62.          3/14      >                  GREATER-THAN SIGN
63.          3/15      ?                  QUESTION MARK
64.          4/0       @                  COMMERCIAL AT
65.          4/1       A                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) A
66.          4/2       B                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) B
67.          4/3       C                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) C
68.          4/4       D                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) D
69.          4/5       E                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) E
70.          4/6       F                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) F
71.          4/7       G                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) G
72.          4/8       H                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) H
73.          4/9       I                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) I
74.          4/10      J                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) J
75.          4/11      K                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) K
76.          4/12      L                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) L
77.          4/13      M                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) M
78.          4/14      N                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) N
79.          4/15      0                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) 0
80.          5/0       P                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) P
81.          5/1       Q                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) Q
82.          5/2       R                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) R
83.          5/3       S                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) S
84.          5/4       T                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) T
85.          5/5       U                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) U
86.          5/6       V                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) V
87.          5/7       W                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) W
88.          5/8       X                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) X
89.          5/9       Y                  CAPITAL LEI TER (Upper-case) Y
90.          5/10      Z                  CAPITAL LETTER (Upper-case) Z
91.          5/11      [                  LEFT SQUARE BRACKET
92.          5/12      \                  REVERSE SLANT (Reverse solidus)
93.          5/13      ]                  RIGHT SQUARE BRACKET
94.          5/14      ^                  CIRCUMFLEX ACCENT
95.          5/15      _                  UNDERLINE
96.          6/0       `                  GRAVE ACCENT
97.          6/1       A                  SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) a
98.          6/2       b                  SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) b

                              - 154 -




     99.      6/3   c            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) c
     100.     6/4   d            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) d
     101.     6/5   e            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) e
     102.     6/6   f            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) f
     103.     6/7   g            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) g
     104.     6/8   h            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) h
     105.     6/9   i            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) i
     106.     6/10  j            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) j
     107.     6/11  k            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) k
     108.     6/12  1            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) 1
     109.     6/13  m            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) m
     110.     6/14  n            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) n
     111.     6/15  o            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) o
     112.     7/0   p            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) p
     113.     7/1   q            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) q
     114.     7/2   r            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) r
     115.     7/3   s            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) s
     116.     7/4   t            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) t
     117.     7/5   u            SMALL LEVER (Lower-case) u
     118.     7/6   v            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) v
     119.     7/7   w            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) w
     120.     7/8   x            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) x
     121.     7/9   y            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) y
     122.     7/10  z            SMALL LETTER (Lower-case) z
     123.     7/11  {            LEFT CURLY BRACKET (Left brace)
     124.     7/12  |            VERTICAL LINE
     125.     7/13  }            RIGHT CURLY BRACKET (Right brace)
     126.     7/14  ~            TILDE
     127.     7/15       DEL     DELETE
Characters in position 0/0 to 1/15, 4/0, 5/11, 5/12, 5/13, 6/0 and 7/11 to 7/15 are "other- 
characters" according to the definition in 4.1. Additional other-characters may occur in Cl 
and/or G1 set (see ECMA-35). The number of other-characters is implementation-dependent.

                                  - 155 -





                            TABLE 2 
                          Exception Codes 


The following table specifies the values of the EXTYPE function corresponding to the exceptions 
specified in this Standard. Nonfatal exceptions are designated by an exclamation-mark (!). The 
numbers in parentheses following each exception refer to the sections in which that exception is 
specified.

Overflow (1000) 

  1001 Overflow in evaluating numeric-constant (5.1, 15.1) 
  1002 Overflow in evaluating numeric-expression (5.3)
  1003 Overflow in evaluating numeric-supplied-function (5.4) 
  1004 Overflow in evaluating VAL (6.4)
  1005 Overflow in evaluating numeric-array-expression (7.2) 
  1006 Overflow in numeric datum for (MAT) READ (10.1, 10.5) 
! 1007 Overflow in numeric datum for (MAT) INPUT from terminal (10.2, 10.5)
  1008 Overflow in numeric data for file input (11.4) 
  1009 Overflow during evaluation of DET or DOT (7.2) 
  1010 Too many digits declared for fixed decimal (15.1, 15.2) (BASIC-2 only)
  1011 Overflow in fixed decimal assignment (15.1, 15.2) (BASIC-2 only)
  1051 Overflow in evaluating string-expression (6.3)
  1052 Overflow in evaluating string-array-expression (7.3) 
  1053 Overflow in string datum for (MAT) READ (10.1, 10.5)
! 1054 Overflow in string datum for (MAT) (LINE) INPUT (10.2, 10.5)
  1105 Overflow in string datum for file input (11.4) 
  1106 Overflow in string assignment (6.5, 9.1, 7.3)

Underflow errors (1500) 
The following exceptions are recommended in the Remarks Sections, and are not mandatory.

! 1501 Numeric constant underflow (5.1)
! 1502 Numeric expression underflow (5.3) 
! 1503 Function value underflow (5.4)
! 1504 VAL underflow (6.4)
! 1505 Array expression underflow (7.2) 
! 1506 Numeric DATA underflow (10.1)
! 1507 Numeric input underflow (10.2, 10.5) 
! 1508 File numeric input underflow (11.4)

Subscript errors (2000) 

  2001 Subscript out of bounds (5.2, 6.2) 

Mathematical error (3000) 

  3001 Division by zero (5.3)
  3002 Negative number raised to nonintegral power (5.3) 
  3003 Zero raised to negative power (5.3)
  3004 Logarithm of zero or negative number (5.4) 
  3005 Square root of negative number (5.4)
  3006 Zero divisor specified for MOD or REMAINDER (5.4)
  3007 Argument of ACOS or ASIN not in range -1 <= x <= 1 (5.4) 
  3008 Attempt to evaluate ANGLE(0,0) (5.4)
  3009 Attempt to invert a singular matrix, or loss of all significance in such attempt (7.2)

                                    - 156 -



Uninitialized errors (3100) 
The following exceptions are recommended in the Remarks Sections, and are not mandated.

! 3101 Uninitialized numeric-variable (5.2) 
! 3102 Uninitialized string-variable (6.2)

Parameter error (4000) 

  4001 Argument of VAL not a numeric-constant (6.4)
  4002 Argument of CHR$ out of range (6.4)
  4003 Argument of ORD not a valid character or mnemonic (6.4)
  4004 Index of SIZE out of range (7.1)
  4005 Index in TAB less than one (10.3)
  4006 Margin setting less than current zonewidth (10.3, 11.3)
  4007 Index of ZONEWIDTH out of range (10.3, 11.3)
  4008 Index of LBOUND out of range (7.1)
  4009 Index of UBOUND out of range (7.1)
  4010 Second argument of REPEAT$ < 0 (6.4)
  4101 Value of the string-expression in a set-statement (13.1)
  4301 Parameter type or count mismatch between chain-statement and corresponding program-name- 
       line (9.3)
  4302 Mismatched dimensions between chain array parameter and corresponding formal-array (9.3) 
  4303 Numeric parameters passed in chain having different ARITHMETIC options (9.3)

Storage exhausted (5000) 

  5001 Size of redimensioned array too large (7.2, 7.3, 10.5, 11.4) 

Matrix errors (6000) 

  6001 Mismatched sizes in numeric-array-expression (7.2) 
  6002 Argument of DET not a square matrix (7.2)
  6003 Argument of INV not a square matrix (7.2)
  6004 Arguments to IDN do not specify square matrix (7.2)
  6005 First index greater than second in redim, or index less than lower bound (7.2, 7.3, 10.5,
       11.4)
  6101 Mismatched sizes in string-array-expression (7.3)

File use errors (7000) 

  7001 Channel number not in range 0 <= c <= max (11.1)
! 7002 Channel zero in OPEN, CLOSE, ERASE, or with record-setter (11.1, 11.2)
  7003 Nonzero channel in OPEN already active (11.1)
  7004 Inactive channel in file statement other than OPEN or ASK (11.1, 11.2, 11.3, 11.4, 11.5)
  7050 Keyed file OPEN with wrong collate sequence (11.1) (BASIC-2 only)
  7051 LENGTH not greater than zero on OPEN (11.1)
  7052 A device is opened as RELATIVE or KEYED (11.1) (BASIC-2 only)
  7100 Unrecognizable file attribute in OPEN (11.1)
  71xx Implementation-defined failures to provide access toe inaccordance with file attribute 
       (11.1)

                                      - 157 -




  7202 The record-setter RECORD is used on a file opened with a file-organization other than 
       RELATIVE (11.2) (BASIC-2 only)
  7203 The record-setter KEY is used on a file opened with a file-organization other than KEYED 
       (11.2) (BASIC-2 only)
  7204 Record-setter SAME following DELETE, OPEN, or exception (11.2)
  7205 Record-setter used on device without that capability (11.2)
  7206 The index of a record-setter evaluates to an integer less than one (11.2) BASIC-2 only) 
  7207 A record-setter specifies an exact-search for the null string (11.2) (BASIC-2 only) 
  7301 Attempt to ERASE file not opened as OUTIN (11.1)
  7302 Output not possible to INPUT file (11.3)
  7303 Input not possible from OUTPUT file (11.4)
  7305 Attempt to input nonexistent record (11.4)
  7308 Attempt to write existing record (11.3)
  7311 Attempt to erase a device without erase capability (11.1)
  7312 Zonewidth or margin set for non-display file (11.3)
  7313 Zonewidth or margin set for INPUT file (11.3)
  7314 A write-statement or array-write-statement attempts to access a KEYED file, but does not 
       specify an exact-search in its record-setter (11.3) (BASIC-2 only)
  7315 A template-identifier is used on a file opened as DISPLAY or INTERNAL (11.3) (BASIC-2 
       only)
  7316 A write-statement or array-write-statement does not have a template-identifier when 
       attempting to access a file opened as NATIVE (11.3) (BASIC-2 only)
  7317 (MAT) PRINT to INTERNAL file (11.3)
  7318 (MAT) (LINE) INPUT from INTERNAL file (11.4)
  7321 SKIP REST on stream file (11.4)
  7322 A data modification statement attempts to access a file opened as INPUT or as OUTPUT 
       (11.5) (BASIC-2 only)
  7401 Attempt to trace to inactive channel (12.2)
  7402 Attempt to trace to non-display-format or INPUT file (12.2)

Input-output errors (8000) 

  8001 (MAT) READ beyond end of data (10.1, 10.5)
! 8002 Too few data in input-reply (10.2, 10.5)
! 8003 Too many data in input-reply (10.2, 10.5)
  8011 End-of-file encountered on input (11.4)
  8012 Too few data in record (11.4)
  8013 Too many data in record (11.4)
  8101 Nonnumeric datum for (MAT) READ or INPUT of number from DISPLAY record (10.1, 10.5, 11.4) 
! 8102 Syntactically incorrect input-reply from terminal (10.2, 10.5)
! 8103 Nonnumeric datum for (MAT) INPUT of number (10.2, 10.5)
  8105 Syntactically incorrect input reply from file (11.4)
  8120 Type mismatch on INTERNAL input (11.4)
  8201 Invalid format-string (10.4, 10.5)
  8202 No format-item in format-string for output list (10.4, 10.5)
! 8203 Format-item too short for output string (10.4)
! 8204 Exrad overflow (10.4)
  8251 The string-expression of a template-identifier is not a syntactically correct template- 
       element-list (11.3, 11.4, 11.5) (BASIC-2 only)
  8252 An expression or array-element does not agree in type (numeric or string) with its 
       associated TEMPLATE field-specifier (11.3, 11.4, 11.5) (BASIC-2 only)
  8253 A template-element with a variable-field-count does not coincide with the first element 
       of an array (11.3, 11.4, 11.5) (BASIC-2 only)
  8254 There are not enough field-specifiers in a template-statement for all the expressions or 
       array-elements (11.3, 11.4, 11.5) (BASIC-2 only)
  8255 A numeric value has significant digits to the left of the available digit places in the 
       field of a template (11.3, 11.5) (BASIC-2 only)

                                    - 158 -



  8256 A string value is longer than the length of its field in the template (11.3, 11.5) 
       (BASIC-2 only)
  8301 Record length exceeded on output to file (11.3, 11.5)
  8302 Input from a record longer than RECSIZE (11.4)
  8401 Timeout on (MAT) (LINE) INPUT (10.2, 10.5)
  8402 Illegal numeric value specified for time-expression (10.2, 10.5)

Device errors (9000) 

  9xxx Implementation-defined device failures 

Control errors (10000) 

  10001 Index out of range, no ELSE in on-goto- or on-gosub (8.2) 
  10002 Return without corresponding gosub or on-gosub (8.2) 
  10004 No case-block selected and no CASE ELSE (8.4)
  10005 Attempt to chain to unavailable program (9.3)
! 10007 Break statement executed when debugging active (12.2)

Graphical errors (11000) 

! 11051 Set-statement boundaries with zero width or height (13.1)
! 11052 Viewport boundary not in range (13.1)
! 11053 A boundary of the device window is not in the range [0, 1] (13.1)
! 11054 A boundary of the device viewport is not in the display space (13.1)
! 11056 Set-statement point style out of range (13.2)
! 11062 Set-statement line style out of range (13.2)
! 11085 Set statement color index out of range (13.2, 13.3)
  11100 Graphic-output with LINES and fewer than two points, or with AREA and fewer than three 
        points (13.3)

When an exception occurs in a program-unit and is not handled by an exception-handler in that 
program-unit, the exception which results at the line which invoked the program-unit shall be 
identified by the value 100000 plus the value specified above for the exception.

          - 159 -

APPENDICES

                                - 160 -




                          APPENDIX 1
                     ORGANIZATION OF THE STANDARD


This Standard is organized into a number of sections, each of which covers a group of related 
features of BASIC. Each section is divided further to treat particular features of BASIC. The 
final subdivisions of each section are used as follows.

                          Subsection 1

    General Description 
    This subsection briefly describes the features of BASIC to be treated.

                          Subsection 2

    Syntax
    The exact syntax of features of the language is describes in a modified context-free 
    grammar or Backus-Naur Form. The details of this method of syntax specification are 
    described in 3.1.

    In order to keep the syntax reasonably simple the syntax specification will allow some 
    constructions which, strictly speaking,are not legal according to this Standard; e.g., it 
    will allow the generation of the statement

                       LET X = A(+1) + A(1,2)

    in which the array A occurs with differing numbers of subscripts. Rather than ruling such 
    constructions out by a more complicated formal syntax, this Standard instead rules them out 
    by placing restrictions on that syntax.

    The primary goal of the syntax is to define the notion of a program and its constituent 
    parts. In addition the syntax defines several other items which are not needed for the 
    definition of a program. These include the input-prompt, which is output to request input, 
    the input-reply and line-input-reply, which are strings supplied in response to a request 
    for input.

                          Subsection 3

    Examples 
    A short list of valid examples that can be generated by the productions in Subsection 2 is 
    given. The numbering of the examples corresponds to the numbering of the productions, and 
    will not be consecutive if examples are not given for all rules.

                          Subsection 4

    Semantics 
    The semantic rules in this Standard assign a meaning to the constructions generated 
    according to the syntax.

                                 - 161 -



                         Subsection 5

Exceptions 
This subsection contains a list of those exception conditions which a standard-conforming 
implementation must recognize. Exception numbers (values of the EXTYPE function) are also 
given.

                         Subsection 6

Remarks 
This subsection contains remarks which point out certain features of this Standard as well 
as remarks which make recommendations concerning the implementation of a BASIC language 
processor in an operating environment.

                                         - 162 -




                                 APPENDIX 2 
                                 SCOPE RULES 


The scope of an entity is that part of the program where its name is recognized as referring to 
that object (as opposed to not being recognized at all, or recognized as referring to some other 
object). In general, an entity is known by only one name, and so the scope of recognition of its 
name is also the scope in which the object itself can be accessed. In the special case of parame- 
ter passing by reference, the same object is known by two different names, and so the object it- 
self may be accessed outside the scope of its name.
In all cases, the indicated scope is the scope of the name of the object in question. 
          Object                        Scope
           1. non-parameter variable    program-unit
           2. non-parameter array       program-unit
           3. program-unit parameter    program-unit (*)
           4. inter-proc-def-parameter  internal-proc-def (*)
           5. inter-proc-def            program-unit
           6. program-unit              program
           7. DATA                      program-unit
           8. channel-number (non-zero) program-unit
           9. channel zero              program
          10. IMAGE, TEMPLATE           program-unit (BASIC-2 only for TEMPLATE)
          11. GOSUB stack               smaller of program-unit, internal-proc-def, when-lock 
                                        (BASIC-2 only), or exception-handler (BASIC-2 
                                        only)
          12. OPTIONs                   program-unit
          13. filenames                 program
          14. RND sequence              program
          15. [deleted]
          16. [deleted]
          17. Graphic and PRINT         program 
              set-object
          18. line-number               program-unit
          19. DEBUG and TRACE state     program-unit

Note

Even though the name is known only to the program-unit or internal-proc-def, when a parameter is 
passed by reference, the object denoted is common to both the invoked and invoking unit.

                                     - 163 -





                              APPENDIX 3 
                       IMPLEMENTATION-DEFINED FEATURES 


A number of the features defined in this Standard have been left for definition by the imple- 
menter. However, this will not affect portability, provided that the limits recommended in the 
various sections are respected.
The way these features are implemented shall be defined in the user or system manual of the spe- 
cific implementation.
The following is a list of implementation-defined features.

                             Subsection 2.3

- interpretation of syntactically illegal constructs
- format of error messages

                             Subsection 2.4

- format of exception messages
- hardware dependent exceptions
- order of exception detection in a line

                             Subsection 3.2 

- certain semantic rules for native data

                             Subsection 4.1

- other-character
- coding for the native collating sequence

                             Subsection 4.2

- end-of-line
- maximum physical line length
- effect of parameter list in program-name-line of program not initiated by a chain-statement
- relationship of program-designator and program-name
- effect of non-standard programs

                             Subsection 4.4

- restrictions on identifiers for procedures compiled independently from the main program

                             Subsection 5.1

- precision and range of numeric-constants 

                             Subsection 5.2

- initial value of numeric variables

                             Subsection 5.3

- order of evaluation of numeric-expressions

                                       - 164 -




                              Subsection 5.4

- accuracy of evaluation of numeric functions 
- value of MAXNUM and EPS
- pseudo-random number sequence
- availability of calendar and clock
- time zone for DATE and TIME

                              Subsection 5.6

- precision and range of numeric values
- precision and range of floating decimal arithmetic
- precision and range of native arithmetic
- accuracy of evaluation of numeric expressions

                              Subsection 6.2

- maximum length of undeclared string-variables
- initial value of string-variables

                              Subsection 6.4

- values of CHR$ for the native character set 
- values of ORD for the native character set
- availability of calendar and clock
- time-zone for DATE$ and TIME$
- effect of UCASE$ and LCASE$ for other-characters

                              Subsection 6.6

- collating sequence under OPTION COLLATE NATIVE
- maximum length of declared string-variables without length-max

                              Subsection 7.1

- maximum lengths of strings in string-arrays with length-max

                              Subsection 7.2

- value of the inverse of a singular matrix

                              Subsection 9.1

- maximum length of string parameters without length-max 
- value of a defined function when no value has been specified
- initial values of local variables in external functions

                              Subsection 9.2

- maximum length of string parameters without length-max
- effect of redimensioning an array parameter when an element of that array is also a parameter
- initial values of variables which are not formal parameters to a procedure

                              Subsection 9.3

- interpretation of the program-designator in a chain-statement
- interpretation of upper-case-letters and lower-case-letters in a program-designator
- initial values of variables in a chained-to program

                              Subsection 10.2

- input-prompt
- means of requesting input in batch mode
- values (minimum and maximum) and resolution of timeout-expression and time-inquiry

                                      - 165 -



                             Subsection 10.3

- effect of invoking a function which causes printing while printing
- significance width for printing numeric representations 
- exrad width for printing numeric representations
- effect of nonprinting characters on columnar position
- default margin
- default zonewidth
- treatment of trailing space at end of print line
- use of upper-case or lower-case "E" in exrad

                             Subsection 10.5

- treatment of re-supply of input to a re-dimensioned array 

                               Section 11

- effect of some file operations on devices
- effect of certain combinations of file organization and type

                             Subsection 11.1

- maximum channel number
- whether a file name with different case letters (lower or upper) denotes the same file or dif- 
  ferent files
- effect of attempting to open an already open file
- number of channels which can be active simultaneously
- attempting to open a file with attributes different from those under which it was created
- attempting to reopen a file under a different ARITHMETIC option
- two program-units attempting to open a file under different attributes or options
- means of insuring preservation of file contents between runs
- effect of certain combinations of file organization and type
- length of records in INTERNAL and NATIVE (for BASIC-2 only) files
- maximum length of records when not specified or available
- value of DATUM for a SEQUENTIAL (BASIC-1) or non-STREAM (BASIC-2 only) file
- value of ask-attribute NAME for channel zero
- meaning of exception codes 7101-7199
- maximum length of keys for KEYED file (BASIC-2 only)

                             Subsection 11.2

- method of signifying that data is not available for input on a non-file device channel 

                             Subsection 11.3

- means of indicating end-of-record
- default margin and zonewidth
- maximum margin and zonewidth supported
- accuracy of printed numeric values produced by PRINT for DISPLAY files

                             Subsection 11.4

- number of significant digits for values received from a numeric field in a NATIVE (for BASIC-2 
  only) file
- effect of input-control-items on files and nonterminal devices
- precision of numeric contents received from display files
- precision of numeric-values that can be retrieved without loss of precision from a NATIVE file 
  (BASIC-2 only)
- retrieving a record from a NATIVE file having contents which are incompatible with the TEMPLATE
  (BASIC-2 only)
- use of fatal or nonfatal exception procedure on illegal input-reply

                                          - 166 -



                          Subsection 11.5 (BASIC-2 only)

- effect of data modification statements on files that are not RELATIVE or KEYED
- use of SKIP in incompatible template for REWRITE

                          Subsection 12.1 (BASIC-2 only)

- value of EXTYPE for locally defined exceptions
- format of EXTEXT$ values

                                Subsection 12.2

- actions allowed by debugging system
- form of trace reports
                                Subsection 13.1

- manner of selecting a particular graphic display device
- effect of "inverted" windows

                                Subsection 13.2

- number of line styles available for graphics
- effect of line styles other than 1
- number of point styles available for graphics
- effect of point styles other than 3
- the number of color values available
- the color associated with each color value

                                Subsection 13.3

- character size, style, and orientation for graphic labels 

                          Subsection 15.1 (BASIC-2 only)

- the maximum precision available for fixed decimal arithmetic
- the precision of fixed decimal expression and function evaluation
- the accuracy of fixed decimal expression and function evaluation
- definition of "significant digits"
- the accessibility of an INTERNAL format file to programs having different ARITHMETIC options
- the accessibility of a NATIVE format file to programs having different ARITHMETIC options

                                   Table 1

- The number of additional other-characters.

It should be noted that implementation-defined features may cause the same program to produce 
different results on different implementations, for these and possibly other reasons

- The logical flow of a program may be affected by the algorithm used for the pseudo-random num- 
  ber sequence.
- The logical flow of a program may be affected by the value of machine infinitesimal and/or the 
  value of MAXNUM and/or the precision for numeric values.
- The initial value of variables may affect the logical flow of a program which contains logical 
  errors.
- The order of evaluation of numeric-expressions may affect the logical flow of a program.

                               - 167 -



                         APPENDIX 4
                     INDEX OF SYNTACTIC OBJECTS 


This Appendix indexes all occurences of terminal symbols and metanames in the syntax. Each refer- 
ence has the form cc. s-pp, where cc. s indicates the section and subsection in which the 
metaname occurs and pp indicates the number of the production. An asterisk following a reference 
indicates that the metaname is defined in that production. Symbols and metanames used only in 
BASIC-2 are shown in bold.
Example: 4.1-07 refers to Section 4.1, Subsection 4.1.2 (the Syntax subsection), production 
rule 7.


        0                     4.1-07 7.1-09
        1                     4.1-07 7.1-09
        2                     4.1-07
        3                     4.1-07
        4                     4.1-07
        5                     4.1-07
        6                     4.1-07
        7                     4.1-07
        8                     4.1-07
        9                     4.1-07

        A                     4.1-09
        ABS                   5.4-01
        ACCESS               11.1-0811.1-22
        ACOS                  5.4-01
        AND                   8.1-03
        ANGLE                 5.4-01 5.6-03
        AREA                 13.2-0413.3-05
        ARITHMETIC            5.6-0315.1-01
        ASIN                  5.4-01
        ASK                  10.3-0811.1-1813.1-04
        AT                   13.3-12
        ATN                   5.4.01

        B                     4.1-09
        BASE                  7.1-09
        BEGIN                11.2-05
        BREAK                12.2-02

        C                     4.1-09
        CALL                  9.2-14
        CASE                  8.4-13 8.4-16 8.4-21
        CAUSE                12.1-13
        CEIL                  5.4-01
        CHAIN                 9.3-01
        CHR                   6.4-01
        CLEAR                13.2-02
        CLIP                 13.1-0113.1-06
        CLOSE                11.1-16
        COLLATE               6.6-0111.1-2911.1-31
        COLOR                13.2-0313.2-07
        CON                   7.2-06

                            - 168 -



CONTINUE                  12.1-11 
COS                        5.4-01 
COSH                       5.4-01
COT                        5.4-01
CSC                        5.4.01

D                          4.1-09
DATA                      10.1-06
DATE                       5.4-01  6.4-01
DATUM                     11.1-22
DEBUG                     12.2-01
DECIMAL                    5.6-03
DECLARE                    5.6-04
DEF                        9.1-05  9.1-07   9.1-20  15.2-07
DEG                        5.4-01
DEGREES                    5.6-03
DELETE                    11.5-06
DET                        7.2-10
DEVICE                    13.1-01  13.1-06
DIM                        7.1-01
DISPLAY                   11.4-14
DO                         8.3-04  8.3-07
DOT                        7.2-10

E                          4.1-09  5.1-08  11.3-N22
ELAPSED                   10.2-07
ELSE                       8.2-03  8.2-06   8.4-01  8.4-09  8.4-21
ELSEIF                     8.4-07
END                        4.2-18  8.4-10   8.4-22  9.1-13  9.2-10
                          11.2-05 12.1-07 12.1-17
EPS                        5.4-01
ERASABLE                  11.1-22
ERASE                     11.1-17
EXCEPTION                 12.1-03  12.1-09 12.1-13
EXIT                       8.3-07  8.3-18   9.1-18  9.2-11 12.1-12
EXLINE                    12.1-18
EXP                        5.4-01
EXTERNAL                   9.1-15  9.1-22   9.2-13  9.2-19 15.2-06
EXTEXT                    12.1-19
EXTYPE                    12.1-18

F                          4.1-09
FILETYPE                  11.1-22
FIXED                      5.6-03 15.1-01
FOR                        8.3-12  8.3-18
FP                         5.4-01
FUNCTION                   9.1-12  9.1-13   9.1-15  9.1-18  9.1-21
                           9.1-22  15.2-05 15.2-06

G                          4.1-09
GO                         8.2-02  8.2-03   8.2-04  8.2-06
GOSUB                      8.2-04  8.2-06
GOTO                       8.2-02  8.2-03
GRAPH                     13.3-04

H                          4.1-09

                            - 169 -



HANDLER                    12.1-1212.1-16 12.1-17

 I                         4.1-09
IDN                        7.2-06
IF                         8.4-01  8.4-04  8.4-10 10.1-03 11.2-07
IMAGE                      10.4-05
IN                         12.1-03
INPUT                      10.2-0110.2-08 10.5-04 10.5-06 11.1-08
                           11.4-0111.4-02 11.4-03 11.4-04
INT                        5.4-01
INTERNAL                   11.1-14
INV                        7.2-09
IP                         5.4-01
IS                         8.4-19

J                          4.1-09

K                          4.1-09
KEY                       11.1-31 11.2-10
KEYED                     11.1-24

L                          4.1-09
LBOUND                     7.1-12
LCASE                      6.4-01
LEN                        6.4-02
LENGTH                    11.1-15
LET                        5.5-02  6.5-02  9.1-16 9.1-17
LINE                      10.2-08 10.5-06 11.4-03 11.4-04 13.2-05
LINES                     13.3-05
LOG                        5.4-01
LOG10                      5.4-01
LOG2                       5.4-01
LOOP                       8.3-09
LTRIM                      6.4-01

M                          4.1-09
MARGIN                    10.3.07 10.3-10 11.1-22 11.3-05
MAT                        7.2-02  7.3-02 10.5-01 10.5-04 10.5-06
                          10.5-09 11.3-02 11.3-07 11.4-02
                          11.4-04 11.4-08 11.5-03
MAX                        5.4-01 13.2-07
MAXLEN                     6.4-03
MAXNUM                     5.4-01
MAXSIZE                    7.1-12
MIN                        5.4-01
MISSING                   10.1-03
MOD                        5.4-01

N                          4.1-09
NAME                      11.1-01 11.1-22
NATIVE                     5.6-03  6.6-01 11.1-29 11.1-N26
NEXT                       8.3-20

                                           - 170 -

NOT           8.1-04
NUL           7.3-05
NUMERIC       5.6-06  11.3-N21 15.1-03

O             4.1-09
OF           11.3-N18 11.3-N19
OFF          12.2-01  12.2-03
ON            8.2-03   8.2-06  12.2-01  12.2-03
OPEN         11.1-01
OPTION        5.6-01
OR            8.1-02
ORD           6.4-02
ORGANIZATION 11.1-09  11.1-22
OUTIN        11.1-08
OUTPUT       11.1-08

P             4.1-09
PI            5.4-01
POINT        13.2-05
POINTER      11.1-22  11.2-03
POINTS       13.3-05
POS           6.4-02
PRINT        10.3-01  10.4-01  10.5-09  11.3-01  11.3-02
PROGRAM       4.2-02
PROMPT       10.2-04

Q             4.1-09

R             4.1-09
RAD           5.4-01
RADIANS       5.6-03
RANDOMIZE     5.4-02
READ         10.1-01  10.5-01  11.4-07  11.4-08
RECORD       11.1-31  11.2-10
RECSIZE      11.1-15  11.1-22
RECTYPE      11.1-12  11.1-22
RELATIVE     11.1-24
REM           4.3-01
REMAINDER     5.4-01
REPEAT        6.4-01
REST         11.1-17  11.4-01  11.4-07
RESTORE      10.1-05
RETRY        12.1-11
RETURN        8.2-05
REWRITE      11.5-02  11.5-03
RND           5.4-01
ROUND         5.4-01
RTRIM         6.4-01

S             4.1-09
SAME         11.2-05
SEC           5.4-01
SELECT        8.4-13   8.4-22
SEQUENTIAL   11.1-11
SET          10.3-06
SETTER       11.1-22

                            - 171 -




SGN                        5.4-01 
SIN                        5.4-01 
SINH                       5.4-01
SIZE                       7.1-12 13.1-06
SKIP                      11.3-N1811.4-01 11.4-07
SQR                        5.4-01
STANDARD                   6.6-01 11.1-29
STATUS                    13.1-05
STEP                       8.3-12
STOP                       4.2-13
STR                        6.4-01
STREAM                    11.1-11
STRING                     6.6-03 11.3-N26
STYLE                     13.2-03 13.2-07
SUB                        8.2-04  8.2-06  9.2-04 9.2-10   9.2-11
                           9.2-18  9.2-19

T                          4.1-09
TAB                       10.3-04
TAN                        5.4-01
TANH                       5.4-01
TEMPLATE                  11.3-N15
TEXT                      13.2-04 13.3-11
THEN                       8.4-01  8.4-04  8.4-07 10.1-03 11.2-07
THERE                     11.2-07
TIME                       5.4-01  6.4-01
TIMEOUT                   10.2.05
TO                         7.1-06  7.2-08  8.2-02  8.2-03  8.3-12
                           8.4-19 12.2-03
TRACE                     12.2-03
TRN                        7.2-09
TRUNCATE                   5.4-01

U                          4.1-09
UBOUND                     7.1-12
UCASE                      6.4-01
UNTIL                      8.3-05
USE                       12.1-05 12.1-09
USING                      6.4-01 10.4-02 10.5-09 11.3-04  13.3-11

V                          4.1-09
VAL                        6.4-02
VARIABLE                  11.1-15
VIEWPORT                  13.1-01 13.1-06

W                          4.1-09
WHEN                      12.1-03 12.1-07  12.1-09
WHILE                      8.3-05
WINDOW                    13.1-01 13.1-06
WITH                       9.3-01 11.3-N13
WRITE                     11.3-06 11.3-07

X                          4.1-09

Y                          4.1-09

                               - 172 -




                             4.1-09
ZER                          7.2-06
ZONEWIDTH                    10.3-07  10.3-10  11.1-22  11.3-05


a                            4.1-10
access-mode                  11.1-07  11.1-08*
actual-array                 5.3-09    5.3-10*  7.1-13  7.1-14   9.2-16
ampersand                    4.1-03    4.2-24   6.3-06
apostrophe                   4.1-03   10.4-08
array-assignment             4.2-12    7.2-01*  7.3-01*
array-declaration            7.1-02    7.1-03*
array-input-statement        4.2-12   10.5-04* 11.4-02*
array-line-input-statement   4.2-12   10.5-06* 11.4-04*
array-list                   11.3-07  11.3-11* 11.5-03
array-name                   5.2-10*   5.3-10   6.2-08* 9.1-11   10.5-03
                             10.5-05  10.5-10  10.5-11  11.3-11
array-output-list            10.5-09  10.5-11* 11.3-02
array-print-list             10.5-09  10.5-10* 11.3-02
array-print-statement        4.2-12   10.5-09* 11.3-02*
array-read-statement         4.2-12   10.5-01* 11.4-08*
array-rewrite-statement      11.5-01  11.5-03*
array-write-statement        4.2-12   11.3-07*
ask-attribute-name           11.1-20  11.1-21* 11.1-30*
ask-io-item                  10.3-09  10.3-10*
ask-io-list                  10.3-08  10.3-09*
ask-item                     11.1-19  11.1-20*
ask-item-list                11.1-18  11.1-19*
ask-object                   13.1-04  13.1-06* 13.2-07*
ask-statement                4.2-12   10.3-08* 11.1-18* 13.1-04*
asterisk                     4.1-03    5.3-11   6.6-04  7.2-04   7.2-05
                             10.4-13  11.3-N21 11.3-N26 15.1-02

b                            4.1-10
block                        4.2-05   4.2-07*  8.3-06   8.3-17   8.4-05
                             8.4-06    8.4-08   8.4-14   8.4-20
                             9.1-02    9.2-02  12.1-04  12.1-06
bound-argument               7.1-12   7.1-14*
boundaries                   13.1-01  13.1-02*
boundary                     13.1-02  13.1-03*
boundary-variables           13.1-06  13.1-07*
bounds                       7.1-04   7.1-05*  7.1-08
bounds-range                 7.1-05   7.1-06*
break-statement              4.2-12   12.2-02

c                            4.1-10
call-statement               4.2-12   9.2-14*
case-block                   8.4-11   8.4-14*
case-else-block              8.4-11   8.4-20*
case-else-line               4.2-22   8.4-20   8.4-21*
case-item                    8.4-17   8.4-18*
case-line                    4.2-22   8.4-14   8.4-15*
case-list                    8.4-16   8.4-17*
case-statement               8.4-15   8.4-16*
cause-statement              4.2-12   12.1-13*

                              - 173 -



chain-statement             4.2-12    9.3-01*
channel-expression          9.2-16   11.1-02  11.1-03*11.1-16  11.1-17
                            11.3-01  11.3-02  11.3-06 11.3-07
                            11.4-01  11.4-02  11-4-03 11.4-04
                            11.4-07  11.4-08  11.5-02 11.5-03
                            11.5-06  12.2-03
channel-number              9.2-07    9.2-08*
channel-setter              11.1-01  11.1-02* 11.1-18 11.2-01  11.3-05
character                   4.1-01*   4.3-02  10.2-11
circumflex-accent           4.1-03    5.3-04  10.4-15
clear-statement             13.2-01  13.2-02*
close-statement             4.2-12   11.1-16*
collate-sequence            11.1-28  11.1-29*
colon                       4.1-03    6.2-06  10.1-01 10.2-02  10.4-02
                            10.4-05  10.4-08  10.5-01 10.5-09
                            11.1-02  11.3-01  11.3-02 11.3-06
                            11.3-07  11.3-N15 11.4-01 11.4-02
                            11.4-03  11.4-04  11.4-07 11.4-08
                            11.5-02  11.5-03  13.3-03 13.3-11
comma                       4.1-03    5.2-06   5.3-08  5.5-03   5.6-02
                             5.6-06   6.5-03   6.6-03  7.1-02
                             7.1-05   7.1-14   7.2-07  7.2-10
                            8.2-03    8.2-06   8.4-17  9.1-09
                            9.1-11    9.1-23   9.2-06  9.2-15
                            9.2-20   10.1-02  10.1-07 10.2-02
                            10.2-10  10.3-05  10.3-09 10.4-04
                            10.4-12  10.5-02  10.5-07 10.5-11
                            11.1-05  11.1-19  11.2-02 11.3-03
                            11.3-08  11.3-10  11.3-11 11.3-N16
                            11.4-01  11.4-05  11.4-07 11.4-09
                            11.5-04  11.5-07  13.1-02 13.1-06
                            13.1-07  13.3-07  13.3-11 13.3-12
                            15.1-03
comparison                  8.1-05   8.1-06*
concatenation               6.3-02   6.3-06*  7.3-03  7.3-05
conditional-statement       4.2-10   4.2-14*
conjunction                 8.1-02   8.1-03*
constant                    5.1-01*  6.1-01*  8.4-18  8.4-19   10.1-08
control-transfer            8.2-01*
control-variable            8.3-12   8.3-13*  8.3-20
coordinate-pair             13.3-06  13.3-07* 13.3-12
core-attribute-name         11.1-21  11.1-22*
core-file-attribute         11.1-06  11.1-07*
core-file-org-value         11.1-10  11.1-11*
core-record-setter          11.2-03  11.2-04  11.2-05*11.3-04  11.4-06
core-record-type-value      11.1-13  11.1-14*

d                           4.1-10
data-list                   10.1-06  10.1-07* 10.2-10
data-statement              4.2-11   10.1-06*
datum                       10.1-07  10.1-08*
debug-statement             4.2-12   12.2-01*
declarative-statement       4.2-10   4.2-11*  11.3-N14*
declare-statement           4.2-11   5.6-04*
def-statement               9.1-03   9.1-04*
def-type                    9.1-19   9.1-20*

                               - 174 -



defined-function              9.1-23   9.1-24*  15.2-08
delete-control               11.5-06  11.5-07*
delete-control-item          11.5-07  11.5-08*
delete-statement             11.5-01  11.5-06*
detached-handler              4.2-06  12.1-15*
digit                         4.1-06   4.1-07*   4.2-09   4.4-03   5.1-06
                              10.4-08
digit-place                  10.4-12  10.4-13*
dimension-list                7.1-01   7.1-02*
dimension-statement           4.2-11   7.1-01*
disjunction                   8.1-01   8.1-02*
do-body                       8.3-02   8.3-06*
do-line                       4.2-22   8.3-02    8.3-03*
do-loop                       8.3-01   8.3-02*
do-statement                  8.3-03   8.3-04*
dollar-sign                   4.1-03   4.4-04    6.4-01   7.3-05  10.4-11
                              12.1-19
double-quote                  4.1-02   4.1-04*

                              4.1-10
e-format-item                10.4-09  10.4-15*
else-block                    8.4-03   8.4-08*
else-line                     4.2-22   8.4-08    8.4-09*
elseif-block                  8.4-03   8.4-06*
elseif-then-line              4.2-22   8.4-06    8.4-07*
end-function-line             4.2-22   9.1-02    9.1-13*  9.1-14
end-handler-line              4.2-22  12.1-15   12.1-17*
end-if-line                   4.2-22   8.4-03    8.4-10*
end-line                      4.2-04   4.2-17*   4.2-22
end-of-line                   4.2-15   4.2-16*   4.2-21  10.2-10  10.2-11
                              10.4-05
end-select-line               4.2-22   8.4-11    8.4-22*
end-statement                 4.2-17   4.2-18*
end-sub-line                  4.2-22   9.2-02    9.2-09*  9.2-12
end-sub-statement             9.2-09   9.2-10*
end-when-line                 4.2-22  12.1-02   12.1-07* 12.1-08
enhanced-attribute-name      11.1-30  11.1-31*
enhanced-file-attribute      11.1-27  11.1-28*
enhanced-file-org-value      11.1-23  11.1-24*
enhanced-record-setter       11.2-08  11.2-09   11.2-10*
enhanced-record-type-value   11.1-N25 11.1-N26*
equality-relation             8.1-07   8.1-08*
equals-sign                   4.1-03   5.5-02    6.5-02   7.2-02   7.3-02
                              8.1-08   8.1-10    8.1-11   8.3-12
                              9.1-05   9.1-07    9.1-16   9.1-17
                              10.4-08  11.2-11   15.2-07
erase-statement               4.2-12  11.1-17*
exact-search                 11.2-10  11.2-11*
exception-handler            12.1-02  12.1-06*  12.1-15
exception-type               12.1-13  12.1-14*
exclamation-mark              4.1-03   4.3-04   10.4-08
exit-condition                8.3-04   8.3-05*   8.3-09
exit-do-statement             4.2-12   8.3-07*  10.1-04
exit-for-statement            4.2-12   8.3-18*  10.1-04
exit-function-statement       4.2-12   9.1-18*
exit-handler-statement        4.2-12  12.1-12*

                             - 175 -



exit-sub-statement         4.2-12   9.2-11*
expression                 5.3-01*  5.3-09  6.3-01*  8.4-13  9.2-16
                           10.3-03  10.4-04 11.3-10
expression-list            11.3-06 11.3-10* 11.5-02 13.3-11
exrad                      5.1-04   5.1-08*
external-function-def      4.2-20   9.1-01  9.1-14*
external-function-line     4.2-22   9.1-14  9.1-15* 15.2-06*
external-function-type     9.1-19   9.1-22*
external-sub-def           4.2-20   9.2-01  9.2-12*
external-sub-line          4.2-22   9.2-12  9.2-13*
external-sub-type          9.2-17   9.2-19*

f                          4.1-10
f-format-item              10.4-09 10.4-14* 10.4-15
factor                     5.3-03   5.3-04*
field-specifier            11.3-N1711.3-N20*
file-attribute             11.1-05 11.1-06* 11.1-27*
file-attribute-list        11.1-01 11.1-05*
file-name                  11.1-01 11.1-04*
file-organization          11.1-07 11.1-09*
file-organization-value    11.1-09 11.1-10* 12.1-23*
fixed-declaration          15.1-03 15.1-04*
fixed-defined-function     15.2-05 15.2-06  15.2-07 15.2-08  15.2-09*
fixed-field-count          11.3-N1711.3-N18*
fixed-formal-array         15.2-03 15.2-04*
fixed-point-size           11.3-N2211.3-N23*15.1-02
fixed-point-type           15.1-01 15.1-02* 15.1-03 15.1-04  15.2-03
                           15.2-04  15.2-09
floating-characters        10.4-09 10.4-11*
for-body                   8.3-10   8.3-17*
for-line                   4.2-22   8.3-10  8.3-11*
for-loop                   8.3-01   8.3-10*
for-statement              8.3-11   8.3-12*
formal-array               9.1-10   9.1-11*  9.2-07  15.2-04
format-item                10.4.06 10.4-09*
format-string              10.4.05 10.4.06*
formatted-print-list       10.4-01 10.4-02*
fraction                   5.1-05   5.1-07*
fraction-size              11.3-N2311.3-N25*
function-arg-list          5.3-06   5.3-08* 6.3-04   9.3-01
function-argument          5.3-08   5.3-09*
function-def               9.1-01*
function-list              9.1-20   9.1-21  9.1-22   9.1-23*
function-parameter         9.1-09   9.1-10* 15.2-01*
function-parm-list         4.2-02   9.1-05  9.1-07   9.1-09* 9.1-12
                           9.1-15   15.2-05 15.2-06 15.2-07

                           4.1-10
geometric-object           13.3-03 13.3-05*
geometric-statement        13.3-02 13.3-03*
gosub-statement            4.2-12   8.2-01  8.2-04*
goto-statement             4.2-12   8.2-01  8.2-02*
graphic-output-statement   13.3-01 13.3-02*
graphic-text-statement     13.3-02 13.3-11*
graphic-verb               13.3-03 13.3-04* 13.3-11

                             - 176 -



greater-than-sign          4.1-03  8.1-07  8.1-09  8.1-10  10.4-10
                           11.2-12

h                          4.1-10
handler-line               4.2-22 12.1-15  12.1-16*
handler-name              12.1-09 12.1-10* 12.1-16
handler-return-statement   4.2-12 12.1-11*

i                          4.1-10
i-format-item             10.4-09 10.4-12* 10.4-14 10.4-15
identifier                 4.4-01*
identifier-character       4.4-02  4.4-03* 4.4-04  4.4-05
if-block                   4.2-07  8.4-03*
if-clause                  8.4-01  8.4-02*
if-statement               4.2-14  8.2-01  8.4-01*
if-then-line               4.2-22  8.4-03  8.4-04*
image                      10.4-0210.4-03* 10.5-09 11.3-04 13.3-11
image-line                 4.2-07  4.2-22  10.4-05*
imperative-statement       4.2-10  4.2-12* 8.2-03  8.2-06  8.4-02
                           11.5-01*13.2-01*13.3-01*
implementation-defined     4.1-11  4.2-16  10.2-09
increment                  8.3-12  8.3-16*
index                      5.2-07  5.2-08* 6.2-06  7.1-14  7.2-08
                           8.2-03   8.2-06 10.3-04 10.3-07
                           11.1-03 11.1-15 11.2-10 11.3-05
                           12.1-14 13.2-03
inexact-search            11.2-10 11.2-12*
initial-point             13.3-11 13.3-12*
initial-value              8.3-12  8.3-14*
input-control             11.4-01 11.4-02  11.4-03 11.4-04 11.4-05*
input-control-item        11.4-05 11.4-06*
input-modifier            10.2-02 10.2-03*
input-modifier-list       10.2-01 10.2-02* 10.2-08 10.5-04 10.5-06
input-prompt              10.2-09*
input-reply               10.2-10*
input-statement            4.2-12 10.2-02* 11.4-01*
integer                    5.1-05  5.1-06* 5.1-07  5.1-08  6.6-04
                           7.1-07  9.2-08  11.3-N1811.3-1(24
                           11.3-N2511.3-N27
integer-size              11.3-N2311.3-N24*
internal-def-line          4.2-22  9.1-02  9.1-03*
internal-function-def      4.2-06  9.1-01  9.1-02*
internal-function-line     4.2-22  9.1-02  9.1-12* 15.2-05*
internal-function-type     9.1-19  9.1-21*
internal-proc-def          4.2-05  4.2-06*
internal-sub-def           4.2-06  9.2-01  9.2-02*
internal-sub-line          4.2-22  9.2-02  9.2-03*
internal-sub-type          9.2-17  9.2-18*
io-recovery                8.2-01 11.2-02  11.2-06*
io-recovery-action        10.1-03 10.1-04* 11.2-07

j                          4.1-10
justifier                 10.4-09 10.4-10*

                                 - 177 -




k                              4.1-10 

1                              4.1-10
left-parenthesis               4.1-03    5.2-06   5.3-05   5.3-08   6.2-06
                               6.3-03    6.4-03   7.1-05   7.1-13
                               7.1-14    7.2-07   7.2-09   7.2-10
                               8.1-05    9.1-09   9.1-11   9.2-06
                               9.2-15    10.3-04  10.4-08  10.5-05
                               11.3-N17
length-max                     6.6-03    6.6-04*  6.6-06   7.1-10   9.1-07
                               9.1-12    9.1-15
less-than-sign                 4.1-03    8.1-07   8.1-09   8.1-11   10.4-10
let-statement                  4.2-12    5.5-01*  6.5-01*
letter                         4.1-06    4.1-08*  4.4-02   4.4-03   4.4-04
                               4.4-05    10.4-08
limit                          8.3-12    8.3-15*
line                           4.2-22*
line-continuation              4.2.24*
line-continuation              4.2-24*
line-input-reply               10.2-11*
line-input-statement           4.2-12   10.2-08* 11.4-03*
line-number                    4.2-02    4.2-08   4.2-09*  4.2-17   4.2-21
                               8.2-02    8.2-03   8.2-04   8.2-06
                               8.3-03    8.3-08   8.3-11   8.3-19
                               8.4-02    8.4-04   8.4-07   8.4-09
                               8.4-10    8.4-12   8.4-15   8.4-21
                               8.4-22    9.1-03   9.1-12   9.1-13
                               9.1-15    9.2-03   9.2-09   9.2-13
                               10.1-04  10.1-05  10.4-03   10.4-05
                               11.3-N13 12.1-03  12.1-05   12.1-07
                               12.1-09  12.1-16  12.1-17   15.2-05
                               15.2-06
literal-item                  10.4-07   10.4-08*
literal-string                10.4-06   10.4-07*
loop                           4.2-07    8.3-01*
loop-line                      4.2-22    8.3-06   8.3-08*
loop-statement                 8.3-08    8.3-09*
lower-case-letter              4.1-08    4.1-10*

m                              4.1-10
main-program                   4.2-01    4.2-04*  4.2-23
maxsize-argument               7.1-12    7.1-13*
minus-sign                     4.1-06    5.1-03  10.4-11
missing-recovery              10.1-01   10.1-03* 10.5-01   11.2-06  11.4-06
                               11.4-10  11.5-05  11.5-08
multiplier                     5.3-03    5.3-11*

n                              4.1-10
next-line                      4.2-22    8.3-17   8.3-19*
next-statement                 8.3-19    8.3-20*
non-quote-character            4.1-01    4.1-02   4.1-03*
not-equals                     8.1-08    8.1-09*
not-greater                    8.1-07    8.1-11*
not-less                       8.1-07    8.1-10* 11.2-12
not-missing-recovery          11.2-06   11.2-07* 11.3-04   11.3-09

                                - 178 -



null-statement                4.2-11   4.2-21   4.3-03*
number-sign                   4.1-03   9.2-08  10.4-13  10.4-14  11.1-03
numeric-array                 5.2-04   5.2-05*  5.2-10   7.1-04   7.2-02
                              7.2-03   7.2-09   7.2-10
numeric-array-assignment      7.2-01   7.2-02*
numeric-array-declaration     7.1-03   7.1-04*  7.1-11  15.1-04
numeric-array-element         5.2-02   5.2-04*
numeric-array-expression      7.2-02   7.2-03*
numeric-array-function-ref    7.2-03   7.2-09*
numeric-array-operator        7.2-03   7.2-04*
numeric-array-value           7.2-03   7.2-06*
numeric-constant              5.1-01   5.1-02*
numeric-declaration           5.6-06   5.6-07*  7.1-11*
numeric-def-statement         9.1-04   9.1-05* 15.2-07*
numeric-defined-function      5.3-07   9.1-05   9.1-06*  9.1-12   9.1-15
                              9.1-16   9.1-24   15.2-09
numeric-expression            5.2-08   5.3-01   5.3-02*  5.3-05   5.5-02
                              8.1-06   8.3-14   8.3-15   8.3-16
                              9.1-05   9.1-16   10.2-06  13.1-03
                              13.3-07  15.2-07
numeric-field-size           11.3-N21 11.3-N22*
numeric-fixed-parameter      15.2-01  15.2-02  15.2-03*
numeric-function              5.3-06   5.3-07*
numeric-function-let-statement4.2-12   9.1-16*
numeric-function-ref          5.3-05   5.3-06*  6.4-03*  7.1-12*  7.2-10*
numeric-identifier            4.4.01   4.4-02*  5.2-03   5.2-05   9.1-06
numeric-let-statement         5.5-01   5.5-02*
numeric-rep                   5.1-02   5.1-04*  5.3-05
numeric-specifier            11.3-N20 11.3-N21*
numeric-supplied-function     5.3-07   5.4-01*  6.4-02* 12.1-18*
numeric-time-expression      10.2-05  10.2-06*
numeric-type                  5.6-05   5.6-06* 15.1-03
numeric-variable              5.2-01   5.2-02*  5.3-05   5.5-03  10.2-07
                              10.3-10  13.1-05  13.1-06  13.1-07
                              13.2-07
numeric-variable-list         5.5-02   5.5-03*

o                             4.1-10
on-gosub-statement            4.2-14   8.2-01   8.2-06*
on-goto-statement             4.2-14   8.2-01   8.2-03*
open-statement                4.2-12  11.1-01*
option                        5.6-02   5.6-03*  6.6-01*  7.1-09* 15.1.-01*
option-list                   5.6-01   5.6-02*
option-statement              4.2-11   5.6-01*
other-character               4.1-11*
output-list                  10.4-02  10.4-04* 11.3-01

p                             4.1-10
percent-sign                  4.1-03  10.4-13
period                        4.1-06   5.1-05   5.1-07  10.4-14  11.3-8123
plain-string-character        4.1-05   4.1-06* 10.1-09
plus-sign                     4.1-06   5.1-03  10.4-11
point-list                   13.3-03  13.3-06*
pointer-control              11.2-02  11.2-03* 11.2-08*
pointer-items                11.2-01  11.2-02*
primary                       5.3-04   5.3-05*  7.2-05

                            - 179 -



primitive-1              13.2-03 13.2-04 13.2-05* 13.2-07
primitive-2              13.2-03 13.2-04*13.2-07
print-control            11.3-01 11.3-02 11.3-03*
print-control-item       11.3-03 11.3-04*
print-item               10.3.02 10.3-03*
print-list               10.3-01 10.3-02*11.3-01
print-separator          10.3-02 10.3-05*10.5-10
print-statement           4.2-12 10.3-01*10.4-01* 11.3-01*
procedure                 4.2-19  4.2-20* 4.2-23
procedure-argument        9.2-15  9.2-16*
procedure-argument-list   9.2-14  9.2-15*
procedure-parameter       9.2-06  9.2-07*15.2-02*
procedure-parm-list       9.2-04  9.2-06*
procedure-part            4.2-01  4.2-19*
program                   4.2-01*
program-designator        9.3-01  9.3-02*
program-name              4.2-02  4.2-03*
program-name-line         4.2-01  4.2-02* 4.2-22
program-unit              4.2-23*
prompt-specifier         10.2-03 10.2-04*11.4-06
protection-block          4.2-07 12.1-01*

q                         4.1-10
question-mark             4.1-03 10.4-08 10.5-05  11.3-N19
quotation-mark            4.1-01  4.1-04  6.1-03
quoted-string             6.1-02  6.1-03*
quoted-string-character   4.1-02* 6.1-03

r                         4.1-10
randomize-statement       4.2-12  5.4-02*
range                     8.4-18  8.4-19*
read-control             11.4-07 11.4-08 11.4-09*
read-control-item        11.4-09 11.4-10*11.4-N11*
read-statement            4.2-12 10.1-01*11.4-07
record-setter            11.2-04*11.2-09*11.3-09  11.4-10 11.5-05
                         11.5-08
record-size              11.1-07 11.1-15*
record-type              11.1-07 11.1-12*
record-type-value        11.1-12 11.1-13*11.1-N25*
redim                     7.2-06  7.2-07* 7.3-05  10.5-03 10.5-08
redim-array              10.5-02 10.5-03*
redim-array-list         10.5.01 10.5-02*10.5-04  11.4-02 11.4-08
redim-bounds              7.2-07  7.2-08*
redim-string-array       10.5-07 10.5-08*
redim-string-array-list  10.5-06 10.5-07*11.4-04
relation                  8.1-06  8.1-07* 8.4-19
relational-expression     8.1-01* 8.1-05  8.3-05  8.4-01  8.4-04
                          8.4-07
relational-primary        8.1-04  8.1-05*
relational-term           8.1-03  8.1-04*
remark-line              4.2-19   4.2-21* 4.2-22  8.4-11
remark-statement         4.2-11   4.2-21  4.3-01*
remark-string            4.3-01   4.3-02* 4.3-04
restore-statement        4.2-12  10.1-05*
return-statement         4.2-12   8.2-05*
rewrite-control          11.5-02 11.5-03 11.5-04*

                                 - 180 -



rewrite-control-item          11.5-04  11.5-05*  11.5-N9*
rewrite-statement             11.5-01  11.5-02*
right-parenthesis              4.1-03   5.2-06   5.3-05    5.3-08   6.2-06
                               6.3-03   6.4-03   7.1-05    7.1-13
                               7.1-14   7.2-07   7.2-09    7.2-10
                               8.1-05   9.1-09   9.1-11    9.2-06
                               9.2-15  10.3-04   10.4-08  10.5-05
                              11.3-N17
routine-identifier             4.2-03   4.4-01   4.4-05*   9.2-05  12.1-10

                               4.1-10
scalar-multiplier              7.2-03   7.2-05*  7.2-06
select-block                   4.2-07   8.4-11*
select-line                    4.2-22   8.4-11   8.4-12*
select-statement               8.4-12   8.4-13*
semicolon                      4.1-03  10.3-05   10.4-04  10.4-08  10.5-11
                              13.3-06
set-object                    10.3-06  10.3-07*  11.2-01* 11.3-05* 13.1-01*
                               13.2-03*
set-statement                  4.2-12  10.3-06*
sign                           5.1-02   5.1-03*  5.1-08    5.3-02   7.1-07
                               7.2-04
signed-integer                 7.1-06   7.1-07*
significand                    5.1-04   5.1-05*
simple-numeric-variable        5.2-02   5.2-03*  5.2-09    5.6-07   8.3-13
                               15.1-04 15.2-03
simple-string-declaration      6.6-05   6.6-06*
simple-string-variable         6.2-02   6.2-03*  6.2-07    6.4-03   6.6-06
simple-variable                5.2-09*  6.2-07*  9.1-10    9.2-07
slant                          4.1-03   5.3-11   10.4-08
space                          4.1-05   4.2-24   10.4-08
statement                      4.2-08   4.2-10*
statement-line                 4.2-07   4.2-08*  4.2-22
status-clause                 13.1-04  13.1-05*
stop-statement                 4.2-12   4.2-13*
string-array                   6.2-04   6.2-05*  6.2-08    6.4-03   7.1-08
                               7.3-02  7.3-04    10.5-08
string-array-assignment        7.3-01   7.3-02*
string-array-declaration       7.1-03   7.1-08*  7.1-10
string-array-element           6.2-02   6.2-04*
string-array-expression        7.3-02   7.3-03*
string-array-primary           7.3-03   7.3-04*
string-array-value             7.3-03   7.3-05*
string-constant                6.1-01   6.1-02*  6.3-03
string-declaration             6.6-03   6.6-05*  7.1-10*
string-def-statement           9.1-04   9.1-07*
string-defined-function        6.3-05   9.1-07   9.1-08*   9.1-12   9.1-15
                               9.1-17   9.1-24
string-expression              6.3-01   6.3-02*  6.3-03    6.5-02   8.1-06
                               9.1-07   9.1-17   9.3-02    10.2-04
                               10.4-03  11.1-04  11.1-08   11.1-09
                               11.1-12  11.1-15  11.1-29   11.2-10
                               11.3-N13 13.1-01  13.3-11
string-field-size             11.3-N26 11.3-N27*
string-function                6.3-04   6.3-05*
string-function-let-statement  4.2-12   9.1-17*

                               - 181 -



string-function-ref          6.3-03   6.3-04*
string-identifier            4.4-01   4.4-04* 6.2-03   6.2-05   9.1-08
string-let-statement         6.5-01   6.5-02*
string-primary               6.3-02   6.3-03* 7.3-03   7.3-05
string-specifier            11.3-N20 11.3-N26*
string-supplied-function     6.3-05   6.4-01* 12.1-19*
string-type                  6.6-02   6.6-03*
string-variable              6.2-01   6.2-02* 6.3-03   6.5-03  13.1-06
string-variable-list         6.5-02   6.5-03* 10.2-08 11.4-03
sub-list                     9.2-18   9.2-19  9.2-20*
sub-statement                9.2-03   9.2-04* 9.2-13
subprogram-def               9.2-01*
subprogram-name              9.2-04   9.2-05* 9.2-14   9.2-20
subscript                    5.2-06   5.2-07*
subscript-part               5.2-04   5.2-06* 6.2-04
substring-qualifier          6.2-02   6.2-06* 7.3-02   7.3-04

t                            4.1-10
tab-call                    10.3-03  10.3-04*
tail                         4.2-02   4.2-08  4.2-15*  4.2-17   4.2-24
                             8.3-03   8.3-08  8.3-11   8.3-19
                             8.4-04   8.4-07  8.4-09   8.4-10
                             8.4-12   8.4-15  8.4-21   8.4-22
                             9.1-03   9.1-12  9.1-13   9.1-15
                             9.2-03   9.2-09  9.2-13   12.1-03
                             12.1-05  12.1-07 12.1-09  12.1-16
                             12.1-17  15.2-05 15.2-06
tail-comment                 4.2-15   4.3-03  4.3-04*
template-element            11.3-N16 11.3-N17*
template-element-list       11.3-N15 11.3-N16*11.3-N17
template-identifier         11.3-N12 11.3-N13*11.4-N1111.5-N9
template-statement          11.3-N14 11.3-N15*
term                         5.3-02   5.3-03*
then-block                   8.4-03   8.4-05*
time-enquiry                10.2-03  10.2-07* 11.4-06
timeout-expression          10.2-03  10.2-05* 11.4-06
trace-statement              4.2-12  12.2-03*
type-declaration             5.6-04   5.6-05* 6.6-02*  9.1-19*  9.2-17*

u                            4.1-10
underline                    4.1-03   4.4-03  10.4-08
unit-block                   4.2-04   4.2-05* 9.1-14   9.2-12
unquoted-string             10.1-08  10.1-09*
unquoted-string-character    4.1-03   4.1-05* 10.1-09
upper-case-letter            4.1-08   4.1-09*
use-line                     4.2-22  12.1-02  12.1-05*

v                            4.1-10
variable                     5.2-01*  6.2-01* 10.1-02 11.1-20
variable-field-count        11.3-N17 11.3-N19*
variable-length-vector      10.5-04  10.5-05* 11.4-02
variable-list               10.1-01  10.1-02* 10.2-01 11.4-01  11.4-07

                              - 182 -



                            4.1-10
when-block                 12.1-02  12.1-04* 12.1-08
when-line                   4.2-22  12.1-02  12.1-03*
when-use-block             12.1-01  12.1-02*
when-use-name-block        12.1-01  12.1-08*
when-use-name-line          4.2-22  12.1-08  12.1-09*
write-control              11.3-06  11.3-07  11.3-08*
write-control-item         11.3-08  11.3-09* 11.3-812*
write-statement             4.2-12  11.3-06*

x                           4.1-10

y                           4.1-10

z                           4.1-10

                                - 183 -



                       APPENDIX 5 
               COMBINED LIST OF PRODUCTION RULES 


access-mode                = ACCESS (INPUT / OUTPUT / OUTIN / string-expression)
actual-array               = array-name
array-assignment           = numeric-array-assignment / string-array-assignment
array-declaration          = numeric-array-declaration / string-array-declaration
array-input-statement      = MAT INPUT input-modifier-list? (redim-array-list /
                             variable-length-vector) / MAT INPUT 
                             channel-expression input-control colon 
                             (redim-array-list / variable-length-vector)
array-line-input-statement = MAT LINE INPUT input-modifier-list?
                             redim-string-array-list / MAT LINE INPUT 
                             channel-expression input-control colon
                             redim-string-array-list
array-list                 = array-name (comma array-name)*
array-name                 = numeric-array / string-array
array-output-list          = array-name (comma array-name)* semicolon?
array-print-list           = array-name (print-separator array-name)*
                             print-separator?
array-print-statement      = MAT PRINT (array-print-list / (USING image colon
                             array-output-list) / MAT PRINT
                             channel-expression print-control colon
                             (array-print-list / array-output-list)
array-read-statement       = MAT READ (missing-recovery colon)? redim-array-list 
                             / MAT READ channel-expression read-control
                             colon redim-array-list
array-rewrite-statement    = MAT REWRITE channel-expression rewrite-control colon
                             array-list
array-write-statement      = MAT WRITE channel-expression write-control colon
                             array-list
ask-attribute-name         = core-attribute-name / enhanced-attribute-name
ask-io-item                = (MARGIN / ZONEWIDTH) numeric-variable
ask-io-list                = ask-io-item (comma ask-io-item)*
ask-item                   = ask-attribute-name variable variable*
ask-item-list              = ask-item (comma ask-item)*
ask-object                 = WINDOW boundary-variables / VIEWPORT
                             boundary-variables / DEVICE WINDOW 
                             boundary-variables / DEVICE VIEWPORT 
                             boundary-variables / CLIP string variable / 
                             DEVICE SIZE numeric-variable comma 
                             numeric-variable comma string-variable / 
                             primitive-1 STYLE numeric-variable / 
                             primitive-2 COLOR numeric-variable / MAX COLOR 
                             numeric-variable
ask-statement              = ASK ask-io-list / ASK channel-setter ask-item-list /
                             ASK ask-object status-clause?
block                      = statement-line / loop / if-block / select-block /
                             image-line
bound-argument             = left-parenthesis actual-array (comma index)?
                             right-parenthesis
boundaries                 = boundary comma boundary comma boundary comma boundary
boundary                   = numeric-expression

                                 - 184 -



boundary-variables          = numeric-variable comma numeric-variable comma
                              numeric-variable comma numeric-variable
bounds                      = left-parenthesis bounds-range (comma bounds-range)*
                              right-parenthesis
bounds-range                = signed-integer TO signed-integer / signed-integer
break-statement             = BREAK
call-statement              = CALL subprogram-name procedure-argument-list?
case-block                  = case-line block*
case-else-block             = case-else-line block*
case-else-line              = line-number CASE ELSE tail
case-item                   = constant / range
case-line                   = line-number case-statement tail
case-list                   = case-item (comma case-item)*
case-statement              = CASE case-list
cause-statement             = CAUSE EXCEPTION exception-type
chain-statement             = CHAIN programm-designator (WITH function-arg-list)?
channel-expression          = number-sign index
channel-number              = number-sign integer
channel-setter              = channel-expression colon
character                   = quotation-mark / non-quote-character
clear-statement             = CLEAR
close-statement             = CLOSE channel-expression
collate-sequence            = COLLATE (STANDARD / NATIVE / string-expression)
comparison                  = numeric-expression relation numeric-expression /
                              string-expression relation string-expression
concatenation               = ampersand
conditional-statement       = if-statement / on-gosub-statement / on-goto-statement
conjunction                 = relational-term (AND relational-term)*
constant                    = numeric-constant / string-constant
control-transfer            = gosub-statement / goto-statement / if-statement /
                              io-recovery / on-gosub-statement
                              /on-goto-statement
control-variable            = simple-numeric-variable
coordinate-pair             = numeric-expression comma numeric-expression
core-attribute-name         = ACCESS / DATUM / ERASABLE / FILETYPE / MARGIN / NAME
                              / ORGANIZATION / POINTER / RECSIZE / RECTYPE / 
                              SETTER / ZONEWIDTH
core-file-attribute         = access-mode / file-organization / record-type /
                              record-size
core-file-org-value         = SEQUENTIAL / STREAM
core-record-setter          = BEGIN / END / NEXT / SAME
core-record-type-value      = DISPLAY / INTERNAL
data-list                   = datum (comma datum)*
data-statement              = DATA data-list
datum                       = constant / unquoted-string
debug-statement             = DEBUG (ON / OFF)
declarative-statement       = data-statement / declare-statement /
                              dimension-statement / null-statement / 
                              option-statement / remark-statement / 
                              template-statement
declare-statement           = DECLARE type-declaration
def-statement               = numeric-def-statement / string-def-statement
def-type                    = DEF function-list
defined-function            = numeric-defined-function / string-defined-function /
                              fixed-defined-function
delete-control              = (comma delete-control-item)*

                               - 185 -



delete-control-item        = missing-recovery / record-setter
delete-statement           = DELETE channel-expression delete-control
detached-handler           = handler-line exception-handler end-handler-line
digit                      = 0/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9
digit-place                = asterisk / number-sign / percent-sign
dimension-list             = array-declaration (comma array-declaration)*
dimension-statement        = DIM dimension-list
disjunction                = conjunction (OR conjunction)* 
do-body                    = block* loop-line
do-line                    = line-number do-statement tail 
do-loop                    = do-line do-body
do-statement               = DO exit-condition?
double-quote               = quotation-mark quotation-mark
e-format-item              = (i-format-item / f-format-item) circumflex-accent
                             circumflex-accent circumflex-accent
                             circumflex-accent*
else-block                 = else-line block*
else-line                  = line-number ELSE tail
elseif-block               = elseif-then-line block*
elseif-then-line           = line-number ELSEIF relational-expression THEN tail
end-function-line          = line-number END FUNCTION tail 
end-handler-line           = line-number END HANDLER tail 
end-if-line                = line-number END IF tail
end-line                   = line-number end-statement tail 
end-of-line                = (implementation-defined)
end-select-line            = line-number END SELECT tail 
end-statement              = END
end-sub-line               = line-number end-sub-statement tail 
end-sub-statement          = END SUB
end-when-line              = line-number END WHEN tail 
enhanced-attribute-name    = RECORD / KEY / COLLATE
enhanced-file-attribute    = collate-sequence
enhanced-file-org-value    = RELATIVE / KEYED
enhanced-record-setter     = RECORD index / KEY (exact-search / inexact-search) 
                             string-expression
enhanced-record-type-value = NATIVE
equality-relation          = equals-sign / not-equals
erase-statement            = ERASE REST? channel-expression 
exception-handler          = block*
exception-type             = index
exit-condition             = (WHILE / UNTIL) relational-expression 
exit-do-statement          = EXIT DO
exit-for-statement         = EXIT FOR
exit-function-statement    = EXIT FUNCTION
exit-handler-statement     = EXIT HANDLER
exit-sub-statement         = EXIT SUB
expression                 = numeric-expression / string-expression 
expression-list            = expression (comma expression)*
exrad                      = E sign? integer
external-function-def      = external-function-line unit-block* end-function-line
external-function-line     = line-number EXTERNAL FUNCTION 
                             (numeric-defined-function / 
                             (string-defined-function length-max?)) 
                             function-parm-list? tail / line-number
                             EXTERNAL FUNCTION fixed-defined-function 
                             function-parm-list? tail

                                 - 186 -



external-function-type      = EXTERNAL FUNCTION function-list
external-sub-def            = external-sub-line unit-block* end-sub-line
external-sub-line           = line-number EXTERNAL sub-statement tail
external-sub-type           = EXTERNAL SUB sub-list
f-format-item               = period number-sign number-sign* / i-format-item
                              period number-sign*
factor                      = primary (circumflex-accent primary)*
field-specifier             = numeric-specifier / string-specifier
file-attribute              = core-file-attribute
file-attribute-list         = (comma file-attribute)*
file-name                   = string-expression
file-organization           = ORGANIZATION (file-organization-value /
                              string-expression)
file-organization-value     = core-file-org-value / enhanced-file-org-value
fixed-declaration           = simple-numeric-variable fixed-point-type? /
                              numeric-array-declaration fixed-point-type?
fixed-defined-function      = numeric-defined-function
fixed-field-count           = SKIP? (integer OF)?
fixed-formal-array          = formal-array fixed-point-type
fixed-point-size            = integer-size period? / integer-size? period
                              fraction-size
fixed-point-type            = asterisk fixed-point-size
floating-characters         = (plus-sign* / minus-sign9) dollar-sign? /
                              dollar-sign* (plus-sign / minus-sign)?
for-body                    = block* next-line
for-line                    = line-number for-statement tail
for-loop                    = for-line for-body
for-statement               = FOR control-variable equals-sign initial-value TO
                              limit (STEP increment)?
formal-array                = array-name left-parenthesis comma* right-parenthesis
format-item                 = (justifier? floating-characters (i-format-item /
                              f-format-item / e-format-item)) / justifier
format-string               = literal-string (format-item literal-string)*
formatted-print-list        = USING image (colon output-list)?
fraction                    = period integer
fraction-size               = integer
function-arg-list           = left-parenthesis function-argument (comma
                              function-argument)* right-parenthesis
function-argument           = expression / actual-array
function-def                = internal-function-def / external-function-def
function-list               = defined-function (comma defined-function)*
function-parameter          = simple-variable / formal-array /
                              numeric-fixed-parameter
function-parm-list          = left-parenthesis function-parameter (comma
                              function-parameter)* right-parenthesis
geometric-object             = POINTS / LINES / AREA
geometric-statement         = graphics-verb geometric-object colon point-list
gosub-statement             = (GOSUB / GO SUB) line-number
goto-statement              = (GOTO / GO TO) line-number
graphic-output-statement    = geometric-statement / graphic-text-statement
graphic-text-statement      = graphic-verb TEXT initial-point (comma USING image
                              colon expression-list / colon
                              string-expression)
graphic-verb                = GRAPH
handler-line                = line-number HANDLER handler-name tail
handler-name                = routine-identifier

                              - 187 -



handler-return-statement  = RETRY / CONTINUE
i-format-item             = digit-place digit-place* (comma digit-place
                            digit-place*)*
identifier                = numeric-identifier / string-identifier /
                            routine-identifier
identifier-character        letter / digit / underline
if-block                    if-then-line then-block elseif-block* else-block?
                            end-if-line
if-clause                 = imperative-statement / line-number
if-statement              = IF relational-expression THEN if-clause (ELSE
                            if-clause)?
if-then-line              = line-number IF relational-expression THEN tail
image                     = line-number / string-expression
image-line                = line-number IMAGE colon format-string end-of-line
imperative-statement      = array-assignment / array-input-statement /
                            array-line-input-statement /
                            array-print-statement / array-read-statement / 
                            array-write-statement / ask-statement / 
                            break-statement / call-statement / 
                            cause-statement / chain-statement / 
                            close-statement / debug-statement / 
                            erase-statement / exit-do-statement / 
                            exit-for-statement / exit-function-statement / 
                            exit-sub-statement / gosub-statement / 
                            goto-statement / input-statement / 
                            let-statement / line-input-statement / 
                            numeric-function-let-statement / 
                            open-statement / print-statement / 
                            randomize-statement / read-statement / 
                            restore-statement / return-statement / 
                            set-statement / stop-statement / 
                            string-function-let-statement /
                            trace-statement / write-statement / 
                            rewrite-statement / array-rewrite-statement / 
                            delete-statement / clear-statement / 
                            graphic-output-statement
increment                 = numeric-expression
index                     = numeric-expression
initial-number            = line-number
initial-point             = comma AT coordinate-pair
initial-value             = numeric-expression
input-control             = (comma input-control-item)*
input-control-item        = core-record-setter / missing-recovery /
                            prompt-specifier / timeout-expression / 
                            time-inquiry
input-modifier            = prompt-specifier / timeout-expression / time-inquiry
input-modifier-list       = input-modifier (comma input-modifier)* colon
input-prompt              = [implementation-defined]
input-reply               = data-list comma? end-of-line
input-statement           = INPUT input-modifier-list? variable-list / INPUT
                            channel-expression input-control colon
                            variable-list (comma SKIP REST)?
integer                   = digit digit*
integer-size              = integer
internal-def-line         = line-number def-statement tail

                           - 188 -



internal-function-def  = internal-def-line / internal-function-line block*
                         end-function-line
internal-function-line = line-number FUNCTION (numeric-defined-function /
                         (string-defined-function length-max?)) 
                         function-parm-list? tail / line-number 
                         FUNCTION fixed-defined-function
                         function-parm-list? tail
internal-function-type = FUNCTION function-list
internal-proc-def      = internal-function-def / internal-sub-def /
                         detached-handler
internal-sub-def       = internal-sub-line block* end-sub-line
internal-sub-line      = line-number sub-statement tail
internal-sub-type      = SUB sub-list
io-qualifier           = INPUT / OUTPUT / OUTIN
io-recovery            = missing-recovery / not-missing-recovery
io-recovery-action     = exit-do-statement / exit-for-statement / line-number
justifier              = greater-than-sign / less-than-sign
length-max             = asterisk integer
let-statement          = numeric-let-statement / string-let-statement
letter                 = upper-case-letter / lower-case-letter
limit                  = numeric-expression
line                   = case-line / case-else-line / do-line / else-line /
                         elseif-then-line / end-function-line / 
                         end-handler-line / end-if-line / end-line / 
                         end-select-line / end-sub-line / end-when-line 
                         / external-function-line / external-sub-line / 
                         for-line / handler-line / internal-def-line / 
                         internal-function-line / internal-sub-line / 
                         if-then-line / image-line / loop-line / 
                         next-line / program-name-line / remark-line / 
                         select-line / statement-line / use-line / 
                         when-use-name-line
line-continuation      = ampersand space* tail ampersand
line-input-reply       = character* end-of-line
line-input-statement   = LINE INPUT input-modifier-list? string-variable-list
                         / LINE INPUT channel-expression input-control 
                         colon string-variable-list
line-number            = digit digit*
literal-item           = letter /digit / apostrophe / colon / equals-sign /
                         exclamation-mark / left-parenthesis /
                         question-mark / right-parenthesis / semicolon 
                         /slant / space / underline
literal-string         = literal-item*
loop                   = do-loop / for-loop
loop-line              = line-number loop-statement tail
loop-statement         = LOOP exit-condition?
lower-case-letter      =a/b/c/d/e/f/g/h/i/j/k/l/m/
                         n/o/p/q/r/s/t/u/v/w/x/ 
                         y /
main-program           = unit-block* end-line
maxsize-argument       = left-parenthesis actual-array right-parenthesis
missing-recovery       = IF MISSING THEN io-recovery-action
multiplier              = asterisk / slant
next-line              = line-number next-statement tail
next-statement         = NEXT control-variable

                                 - 189 -



non-quote-character            ampersand / apostrophe / asterisk / circumflex-accent 
                               / colon / comma / dollar-sign / equals-sign / 
                               exclamation-mark / greater-than-sign / 
                               left-parenthesis / less-than-sign /
                               number-sign / percent-sign / question-mark / 
                               right-parenthesis / semicolon / slant / 
                               underline / unquoted-string-character
not-equals                     less-than-sign greater-than-sign / greater-than-sign 
                               less-than-sign
not-greater                    less-than-sign equals-sign / equals-sign 
                               less-than-sign
not-less                       greater-than-sign equals-sign / equals-sign 
                               greater-than-sign
not-missing-recovery           IF THERE THEN io-recovery-action
numeric-array                  numeric-identifier
numeric-array-assignment       MAT numeric-array equals-sign 
                               numeric-array-expression
numeric-array-declaration      numeric-array bounds
numeric-array-element          numeric-array subscript-part
numeric-array-expression       (numeric-array numeric-array-operator)? numeric-array 
                               / scalar-multiplier numeric-array / 
                               numeric-array-value /
                               numeric-array-function-ref
numeric-array-function-ref     (TRN / INV) left-parenthesis numeric-array 
                               right-parenthesis
numeric-array-operator         sign / asterisk
numeric-array-value            scalar-multiplier? (CON / IDN / ZER) redim? 
numeric-constant               sign? numeric-rep
numeric-declaration            simple-numeric-variable / numeric-array-declaration 
numeric-def-statement          DEF numeric-defined-function function-parm-list? 
                               equals-sign numeric-expression / DEF 
                               fixed-defined-function function-parm-list? 
                               equals-sign numeric-expression
numeric-defined-function       numeric-identifier
numeric-expression             sign? term (sign term)*
numeric-field-size             fixed-point-size / E
numeric-fixed parameter        simple-numeric-variable fixed-point-type / 
                               fixed-formal-array
numeric-function               numeric-defined-function / numeric-supplied-function 
numeric-function-let-statement=LET numeric-defined-function equals-sign 
                               numeric-expression
numeric-function-ref           numeric-function function-arg-list? / MAXLEN 
                               left-parenthesis (simple-string-variable / 
                               string-array) right-parenthesis / MAXSIZE 
                               maxsize-argument / SIZE bound-argument / 
                               LBOUND bound-argument / UBOUND bound-argument 
                               / DET (left-parenthesis numeric-array 
                               right-parenthesis) / DOT left-parenthesis 
                               numeric-array comma numeric-array
                               right-parenthesis
numeric-identifier             letter identifier-character*
numeric-let-statement          LET numeric-variable-list equals-sign 
                               numeric-expression
numeric-rep                    significand exrad?
numeric-specifier              NUMERIC asterisk numeric-field-size

                              - 190 -



numeric-supplied-function = ABS / ACOS / ANGLE / ASIN / ATN / CEIL / COS / COSH /
                            COT / CSC / DATE / DEG / EPS / EXP / FP / 
                            MAXNUM / INT / IP / LOG / LOG10 / LOG2 / MAX / 
                            MIN / MOD / PI / RAD / REMAINDER / RND / ROUND 
                            / SEC / SGN / SIN / SINH / SQR / TAN / TANH / 
                            TIME / TRUNCATE / LEN / ORD / POS / VAL / 
                            EXLINE / EXTYPE
numeric-time-expression   = numeric-expression
numeric-type              = NUMERIC numeric-declaration (comma
                            numeric-declaration)* / NUMERIC
                            fixed-point-type? fixed-declaration (comma 
                            fixed-declaration)*
numeric-variable          = simple-numeric-variable / numeric-array-element
numeric-variable-list     = numeric-variable (comma numeric-variable)*
on-gosub-statement        = ON index (GOSUB / GO SUB) line-number (comma
                            line-number)* ELSE imperative-statement)? 
on-goto-statement         = ON index (GOTO / GO TO) line-number (comma
                            line-number)* (ELSE imperative-statement)? 
open-statement            = OPEN channel-setter NAME file-name
                            file-attribute-list
option                    = ARITHMETIC (DECIMAL / NATIVE) / ANGLE (DEGREES /
                            RADIANS) / COLLATE (NATIVE / STANDARD) / BASE 
                            (0 / 1) / ARITHMETIC FIXED fixed-point-type
option-list               = option (comma option)*
option-statement          = OPTION option-list
other-character           = [implementation-defined]
output-list               = expression (comma expression)* semicolon?
plain-string-character    = digit / letter / period / plus-sign / minus-sign
point-list                = coordinate-pair (semicolon coordinate-pair)*
pointer-items             = (pointer-control / io-recovery / pointer-control
                            comma io-recovery)
primary                   = numeric-rep / numeric-variable / numeric-function-ref
                            / left-parenthesis numeric-expression 
                            right-parenthesis
primitive-1               = POINT / LINE
primitive-2               = primitive-1 / TEXT / AREA
print-control             = (comma print-control-item)*
print-control-item        = core-record-setter / enhanced-record-setter /
                            not-missing-recovery / USING image
print-item                = expression / tab-call
print-list                = (print-item? print-separator)* print-item?
print-separator           = comma / semicolon
print-statement           = PRINT print-list / PRINT formatted-print-list / PRINT
                            channel-expression print-control (colon
                            (print-list / output-list))?
procedure                 = external-function-def / external-sub-def
procedure-argument        = expression / actual-array / channel-expression
procedure-argument-list   = left-parenthesis procedure-argument (comma
                            procedure-argument)* right-parenthesis 
procedure-parameter       = simple-variable / formal-array / channel-number / 
                            numeric-fixed-parameter
procedure-parm-list       = left-parenthesis procedure-parameter (comma
                            procedure-parameter)*
procedure-part            = remark-line* procedure
program                   = program-name-line? main-program procedure-part*
program-designator        = string-expression

                            - 191 -



program-line            = line-number (character / line-continuation)*
                          end-of-line
program-name            = routine-identifier
program-name-line       = line-number PROGRAM program-name function-parm-list?
                          tail
program-unit            = main-program / procedure
prompt-specifier        = PROMPT string-expression
protection-block        = when-use-block / when-use-name-block
quoted-string           = quotation-mark quoted-string-character*
                          quotation-mark
quoted-string-character = double-quote / non-quote-character
randomize-statement     = RANDOMIZE
range                   = (constant TO / IS relation) constant
read-control            = (comma read-control-item)*
read-control-item       = record-setter / missing-recovery /
                          template-identifier
read-statement          = READ (missing-recovery colon)? variable-list / READ
                          channel-expression read-control colon
                          variable-list (comma SKIP REST)?
record-setter           = core-record-setter / enhanced-record-setter
record-size             = RECSIZE (VARIABLE / string-expression) (LENGTH
                          index)?
record-type             = RECTYPE (record-type-value / string-expression)
record-type-value       = core-record-type-value / enhanced-record-value
redim                   = left-parenthesis redim-bounds (comma redim-bounds)a
                          right-parenthesis
redim-array             = array-name redim?
redim-array-list        = redim-array (comma redim-array)*
redim-bounds            = (index TO)? index
redim-numeric-array     = numeric-array redim?
redim-string-array      = string-array redim?
redim-string-array-list = redim-string-array (comma redim-string-array)*
relation                = equality-relation / greater-than-sign /
                          less-than-sign / not-greater / not-less
relational-expression   = disjunction
relational-primary      = comparison / left-parenthesis relational-expression
                          right-parenthesis
relational-term         = NOT? relational-primary
remark-line             = line-number (null-statement / remark-statement)
                          end-of-line
remark-statement        = REM remark-string
remark-string           = character*
restore-statement       = RESTORE line-number
return-statement        = RETURN
rewrite-control         = (comma rewrite-control-item)*
rewrite-control-item    = missing-recovery / record-setter /
                          template-identifier
rewrite-statement       = REWRITE channel-expression rewrite-control colon
                          expression list
routine-identifier      = letter identifier-character*
scalar-multiplier       = primary asterisk
select-block            = select-line remark-line* case-block case-block*
                          case-else-block? end-select-line
select-line             = line-number select-statement tail
select-statement        = SELECT CASE expression

                                  - 192 -



set-object                   = (MARGIN / ZONEWIDTH) index / channel-setter 
                               pointer-items / channel-setter (MARGIN /
                               ZONEWIDTH) index / WINDOW boundaries /
                               VIEWPORT boundaries / DEVICE WINDOW boundaries
                               / DEVICE VIEWPORT boundaries / CLIP
                               string-expression / primitive-1 STYLE index / 
                               primitive-2 COLOR index
set-statement                = SET set-object
sign                         = plus-sign / minus-sign
signed-integer               = sign? integer
significand                  = integer period? / integer? fraction
simple-numeric-variable      = numeric-identifier
simple-string-declaration    = simple-string-variable length-max?
simple-string-variable       = string-identifier
simple-variable              = simple-numeric-variable / simple-string-variable
statement                    = declarative-statement / imperative-statement / 
                               conditional-statement
statement-line               = line-number statement tail
status-clause                = STATUS numeric-variable
stop-statement               = STOP
string-array                 = string-identifier
string-array-assignment      = MAT string-array substring-qualifier? equals-sign 
                               string-array-expression
string-array-declaration     = string-array bounds
string-array-element         = string-array subscript-part
string-array-expression      = string-array-primary (concatenation 
                               string-array-primary)? / string-primary
                               concatenation string-array-primary / 
                               string-array-primary concatenation
                               string-primary / string-array-value
string-array-primary         = string-array substring-qualifier?
string-array-value           = (string-primary concatenation)?
string-constant              = quoted-string
string-declaration           = simple-string-declaration / string-array-declaration 
                               length-max?
string-def-statement         = DEF string-defined-function length-max? 
                               function-parm-list? equals-sign
                               string-expression 
string-defined-function      = string-identifier 
string-expression              string-primary (concatenation string-primary)*
string-field-size            = integer
string-function              = string-defined-function / string-supplied-function
string-function-let-statement= LET string-defined-function equals-sign 
                               string-expression
string-function-ref          = string-function function-arg-list?
string-identifier            = letter identifier-character* dollar-sign
string-let-statement         = LET string-variable-list equals-sign
                               string-expression
string-primary               = string-constant / string-variable / 
                               string-function-ref / left-parenthesis 
                               string-expression right-parenthesis
string-specifier             = STRING asterisk string-field-size
string-supplied-function     = (CHR / DATE / LCASE / LTRIM / REPEAT / RTRIM / STR / 
                               TIME / UCASE / USING) dollar-sign / EXTEXT
                               dollar-sign

                             - 193 -



string-type               = STRING length-max? string-declaration (comma 
                            string-declaration)*
string-variable           = (simple-string-variable / string-array-element) 
                            substring-qualifier?
string-variable-list      = string-variable (comma string-variable)* 
sub-list                  = subprogram-name (comma subprogram-name)* 
sub-statement             = SUB subprogram-name procedure-parm-list? 
subprogram-def            = internal-sub-def / external-sub-def
subprogram-name           = routine-identifier
subscript                 = index
subscript-part            = left-parenthesis subscript (comma subscript)* 
                            right-parenthesis
substring-qualifier       = left-parenthesis index colon index right-parenthesis 
tab-call                  = TAB left-parenthesis index right-parenthesis 
tail                        tail-comment? end-of-line
template-element          = fixed-field-count (field-specifier / left-parenthesis 
                            template-element-list right-parenthesis) / 
                            variable-field-count field-specifier
template-element-list     = template-element (comma template-element)* 
template-identifier       = WITH (line-number / string-expression)
template-statement        = TEMPLATE colon template-element-list
term                      = factor (multiplier factor)*
then-block                = block*
time-expression           = numeric-time-expression / string-time-expression 
time-inquiry              = ELAPSED numeric-variable
timeout-expression        = TIMEOUT numeric-time-expression
trace-statement           = TRACE ON (TO channel-expression)?
type-declaration          = numeric-type / string-type / def-type / 
                            internal-function-type /
                            external-function-type / internal-sub-type / 
                            external-sub-type
unit-block                = internal-proc-def / block
unquoted-string           = plain-string-character / plain-string-character 
                            unquoted-string-character*
                            plain-string-character
unquoted-string-character = space / plain-string-character 
upper-case-letter         =A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I/J/K/L/ M 
                            N /0/P/Q/R/S/T/U/V/W/X/
                            Y / Z
use-line                  = line-number USE tail
variable                  = numeric-variable / string-variable
variable-field-count      = question-mark OF
variable-length-vector    = array-name left-parenthesis question-mark 
                            right-parenthesis
variable-list             = variable (comma variable)*
when-block                = block*
when-line                 = line-number WHEN EXCEPTION IN tail
when-use-block            = when-line when-block use-line exception-handler 
                            end-when-line
when-use-name-block       = when-use-name-line when-block end-when-line
when-use-name-line        = line-number WHEN EXCEPTION USE handler-name tail 
write-control              = (comma write-control-item)*
write-control-item        = record-setter / not-missing-recovery / 
                            template-identifier
write-statement           = WRITE channel-expression write-control colon 
                            expression-list

                           - 194 -



                      APPENDIX 6 
            DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MINIMAL BASIC AND ECMA BASIC


  The differences between Minimal BASIC and ECMA BASIC (either BASIC-1 or BASIC-2) may be 
  classified as either syntactic incompatibilities or semantic (run-time) differences.
  Syntactic Differences 
  With the following exception, this Standard forms an upward compatible syntactic extension 
  of Standard ECMA-55, Minimal BASIC.
* All arrays in a standard conforming program must be dimensioned before use.
  Programs written in Minimal BASIC may therefore produce errors when run on an implemen- 
  tation that conforms to this Standard. Such programs may be modified to run correctly as 
  follows:
   - identify all arrays which are implicitly dimensioned;
   - insert a dimension-statement covering each such array with upper bound equal to 10. 
     Each such dimension-statement must follow an option-base-statement, if any, and pre- 
     cede any reference to the arrays contained in the dimension-statement.
  For example, if a vector A is used in a Minimal BASIC program but is not dimensioned there, 
  inserting
                      DIM A(10)
  will cause the program to run correctly with respect to the vector A. Since array-names in 
  Minimal BASIC are limited to single letters, there can be no more than 26 such changes 
  needed.
  Semantic Differences 
  In addition, this Standard differs from Minimal BASIC in several other ways that may be 
  classified as "run-time". As a result, a Minimal BASIC program run under a BASIC implemen- 
  tation might produce slightly different results.
* The default lower bound for arrays is 1, not 0 as in Minimal Basic. Programs in Minimal
  Basic can be made to run correctly if the following statement is introduced prior to any 
  DIM statement.
                     OPTION BASE 0
  This Standard specifies that arithmetic be carried out using a floating-point decimal rep- 
  resentation, with at least ten decimal digits of precision, whereas Minimal BASIC is more 
  permissive in allowing arithmetic to be carried out using other representations (e.g., 
  floating-point binary), with at least six decimal digits of precision (see 5.6). The only 
  effect should be that the program gives more precise results, which should not cause prob- 
  lems for the user. An option is provided which permits NATIVE arithmetic, which might be 
  defined as in Minimal BASIC for a given implementation.
* The default maximum length for strings must be at least 132, not 18 as in Minimal BASIC.
  The only difference is that a program might not get a string-overflow exception which it 
  would have gotten in Minimal BASIC. The old behavior can be restored by declaring the maxi- 
  mum length of the strings to be the old maximum.

                                   - 195 -



* It is not necessary to prevalidate an entire input-reply before assignment of values to
  variables takes place, whereas this was required in Minimal BASIC. Thus, an input-reply of 
  "2,4,x" in response to INPUT I, A(I), J could change the value of A(2), whereas this is not 
  allowed in Minimal BASIC.
* Certain exceptions - overflow, division by zero, and raising to a negative power - are fa-
  tal exceptions in ECMA BASIC and nonfatal in Minimal BASIC. However, since the Minimal 
  BASIC Standard specifies that nonfatal exceptions can be treated as fatal under certain 
  circumstances, a Minimal BASIC program should not rely on these exceptions being nonfatal.

                          - 196 -



                     APPENDIX 7 


        LANGUAGE ELEMENTS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR FUTURE REMOVAL


The gosub-statement, on-gosub-statement, and the return-statement are under consideration 
for future removal. It is recommended that as users write new programs, or maintain exist- 
ing programs, they refrain from using these statements, in order to improve compatibility 
with future versions of this Standard.
The GOSUB facility is being considered for removal because it encourages poor programming 
practice by allowing the construction of subroutines with several entry points. Further- 
more, these "subroutines" are not delineated by any distinctive syntax; any line of a pro- 
gram may be the beginning of such a subroutine. Users are encouraged to avail themselves of 
the subprogram facilities (see 9.2) described in this Standard when they need subroutines.
Furthermore, the GOSUB facility interacts in a complex way with other aspects of the lan- 
guage (e.g., internal-proc-defs, exception-handlers), thus making it more difficult to un- 
derstand source code, to implement conforming language processors, and to describe the lan- 
guage correctly. Thus, programmers, implementors, teachers, and writers are all impeded in 
their work with BASIC.

[blank page]

