' ORIGINAL: http://regards.sur.sciences.free.fr/ordis/gwbasic/BASICMAN.TXT

GW-BASIC MANUAL
Contents


1 Welcome to GW-BASIC 1

  1.1  System Requirements    3
  1.2  Preliminaries     3
  1.3  Notational Conventions 3
  1.4  Organization of This Manual 4
  1.5  Bibliography 5

2 Getting Started with GW-BASIC    7

  2.1  Loading GW-BASIC  9
  2.2  Modes of Operation     9
  2.3  The GW-BASIC Command Line Format 10
  2.4  GW-BASIC Statements, Functions,
        Commands, and Variables    14
  2.5  Line Format  16
  2.6  Returning to MS-DOS    18

3 Reviewing and Practicing GW-BASIC     19
  
  3.1  Example for the Direct Mode 21
  3.2  Examples for the Indirect Mode   22
  3.3  Function Keys     24
  3.4  Editing Lines     24
  3.5  Saving Your Program File    25

4 The GW-BASIC Screen Editor  27
 
  4.1  Editing Lines in New Files  29
  4.2  Editing Lines in Saved Files     29
  4.3  Special Keys 30
  4.4  Function Keys     33

iii

Contents

5 Creating and Using Files    35

  5.1  Program File Commands  37
  5.2  Data Files   38
  5.3  Random Access Files    41

6 Constants, Variables,
   Expressions and Operators  47

  6.1  Constants    49
  6.2  Variables    51
  6.3  Type Conversion   54
  6.4  Expressions and Operators   56

A Error Codes and Messages    65

B Mathematical Functions 73

C ASCII Character Codes  75

D Assembly Language
   (Machine Code) Subroutines 77

  D.1  Memory Allocation 77
  D.2  CALL Statement    78
  D.3  USR Function Calls     82
  D.4  Programs That Call
         Assembly Language Programs     85

E Converting BASIC Programs to GW-BASIC 89

  E.1  String Dimensions 89
  E.2  Multiple Assignments   90
  E.3  Multiple Statements    90
  E.4  MAT Functions     90
  E.5  FOR-NEXT Loops    91

iv

Contents

F Communications    93

  F.1  Opening Communications Files     93
  F.2  Communications I/O     93
  F.3  The COM I/O Functions  94
  F.4  Possible Errors:  94
  F.5  The INPUT$ Function    95
  F.6  The TTY Sample Program 97
  F.7  Notes on the TTY Sample Program  98

G Hexadecimal Equivalents     101

H Key Scan Codes    105

I Characters Recognized by GW-BASIC     107

Glossary  109

v

Figures


Figure D.1  Stack Layout When the CALL Statement is Activated    77

Figure D.2  Stack Layout During Execution of a CALL Statement    78

Figure D.3  Number Types in the Floating-Point Accumulator  82

vi

Tables


Table 4.1  GW-BASIC Function Key Assignments 34

Table 6.1  Relational Operators    58

Table 6.2  Results Returned by Logical Operations 59

Table G.1  Decimal and Binary Equivalents
           to Hexadecimal Values   99

Table G.2  Decimal Equivalents to Hexadecimal Values   100

vii

Microsoft (R)
GW-BASIC Interpreter
User's Guide

Microsoft Corporation

Information in this document is subject to change without notice and does
not represent a commitment on the part of Microsoft Corporation.  The
software described in this document is furnished under a license agreement
or nondisclosure agreement.  It is against the law to copy this software
on magnetic tape, disk, or any other medium for any purpose other than the
purchaser's personal use.

(c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1986, 1987. All rights reserved.

Portions copyright COMPAQ Computer Corporation, 1985

Simultaneously published in the United States and Canada.

Microsoft(R), MS-DOS(R), GW-BASIC(R) and the Microsoft logo are registered
trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.

Compaq(R) is a registered trademark of COMPAQ Computer Corporation.

DEC(R) is a registered trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation.

Document Number 410130001-330-R02-078Chapter 1

Welcome to GW-BASIC

1.1 System Requirements 3

1.2 Preliminaries 3

1.3 Notational Conventions 3

1.4 Organization of This Manual 4

1.5 Bibliography 5

  1

Notational Conventions

Microsoft (R)  GW-BASIC (R)  is a simple, easy-to-learn, easy-to-use computer
programming language with English-like statements and mathematical notations.
With GW-BASIC you will be able to write both simple and complex programs to run
on your computer. You will also be able to modify existing software that is
written in GW-BASIC.

This guide is designed to help you use the GW-BASIC Interpreter with the MS-DOS
(R) operating system. Section 1.5 lists resources that will teach you how to
program.

1.1 System Requirements

This version of GW-BASIC requires MS-DOS version 3.2 or later.

1.2 Preliminaries

Your GW-BASIC files will be on the MS-DOS diskette located at the back of the
MS-DOS User's Reference. Be sure to make a working copy of the diskette before
you proceed.

Note

 This manual is written for the user familiar with the MS-DOS operating sys-
 tem. For more information on MS-DOS, refer to the Microsoft MS-DOS 3.2
 User's Guide and User's Reference.


3

Welcome to GW-BASIC

1.3 Notational Conventions

Throughout this manual, the following conventions are used to distinguish ele-
ments of text:

 bold Used for commands, options, switches, and literal por-
 tions of syntax that must appear exactly as shown.

 italic Used for filenames, variables, and placeholders that
 represent the type of text to be entered by the user.

 monospace Used for sample command lines, program code and
 examples, and sample sessions.

 SMALL CAPS Used for keys, key sequences, and acronyms.

Brackets surround optional command-line elements.

1.4 Organization of This Manual

The GW-BASIC User's Guide is divided into six chapters, nine appendixes, and
a glossary:

Chapter 1, "Welcome to GW-BASIC," describes this manual.

Chapter 2, "Getting Started With GW-BASIC," is an elementary guideline on how
to begin programming.

Chapter 3, "Reviewing and Practicing GW-BASIC," lets you use the principles of
GW-BASIC explained in Chapter 2.

Chapter 4, "The GW-BASIC Screen Editor," discusses editing commands that can
be used when inputting or modifying a GW-BASIC program. It also explains the
unique properties of the ten redefinable function keys and of other keys and
keystroke combinations.

Chapter 5, "Creating and Using Files," tells you how to create files and to use
the diskette input/output (I/O) procedures.

4

Bibliography

Chapter 6, "Constants, Variables, Expressions, and Operators," defines the ele-
ments of GW-BASIC and describes how you will use them.

Appendix A, "Error Codes and Messages," is a summary of all the error codes
and error messages that you might encounter while using GW-BASIC.

Appendix B, "Mathematical Functions," describes how to calculate certain
mathematical functions not intrinsic to GW-BASIC.

Appendix C, "ASCII Character Codes," lists the ASCII character codes recognized
by GW-BASIC.

Appendix D, "Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines," shows how to
include assembly language subroutines with GW-BASIC.

Appendix E, "Converting BASIC Programs to GW-BASIC," provides pointers on
converting programs written in BASIC to GW-BASIC.

Appendix F, "Communications," describes the GW-BASIC statements required to
support RS-232 asynchronous communications with other computers and peri-
pheral devices.

Appendix G, "Hexadecimal Equivalents," lists decimal and binary equivalents to
hexadecimal values.

Appendix H, "Key Scan Codes," lists and illustrates the key scan code values
used in GW-BASIC.

Appendix I, "Characters Recognized by GW-BASIC," describes the GW-BASIC char-
acter set.

The Glossary defines words and phrases commonly used in GW-BASIC and data
processing.

5

Welcome to GW-BASIC

1.5 Bibliography

This manual is a guide to the use of the GW-BASIC Interpreter: it makes no
attempt to teach the BASIC programming language. The following texts may be
useful for those who wish to learn BASIC programming:

Albrecht, Robert L., LeRoy Finkel, and Jerry Brown. BASIC. 2d ed. New York:
Wiley Interscience, 1978.

Coan, James. Basic BASIC. Rochelle Park, N.J.: Hayden Book Company, 1978.

Dwyer, Thomas A. and Margot Critchfield. BASIC and the Personal Computer.
Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley Publishing Co., 1978.

Ettlin, Walter A. and Gregory Solberg. The MBASIC Handbook. Berkeley,
Calif.: Osborne/McGraw Hill, 1983.

Knecht, Ken. Microsoft BASIC. Portland, Oreg.: Dilithium Press, 1982.

Chapter 2

Getting Started
With GW-BASIC

2.1 Loading GW-BASIC 9

2.2 Modes of Operation 9

2.2.1 Direct Mode 10

2.2.2 Indirect Mode 10

2.3 The GW-BASIC Command Line Format 10

2.4 GW-BASIC Statements, Functions,
 Commands, and Variables 14

2.4.1 Keywords 14

2.4.2 Commands 15

2.4.3 Statements 15

2.4.4 Functions 15

2.4.4.1 Numeric Functions 15

2.4.4.2 String Functions 16

2.4.4.3 User-Defined Functions 16

2.4.5 Variables 16

2.5 Line Format 16

2.6 Returning to MS-DOS 18

7

  Getting Started With GW-BASIC

This chapter describes how to load GW-BASIC into your system. It also explains
the two different types of operation modes, line formats, and the various ele-
ments of GW-BASIC.

2.1 Loading GW-BASIC

To use the GW-BASIC language, you must load it into the memory of your com-
puter from your working copy of the MS-DOS diskette. Use the following pro-
cedure:

 1. Turn on your computer.

 2. Insert your working copy of the MS-DOS diskette into Drive A of your
 computer, and press RETURN.

 3. Type the following command after the A> prompt, and press RETURN:

 gwbasic

Once you enter GW-BASIC, the GW-BASIC prompt, Ok, will replace the MS-DOS
prompt, A>.

On the screen, the line XXXXX Bytes Free indicates how many bytes are avail-
able for use in memory while using GW-BASIC.

The function key (F1 - F10) assignments appear on the bottom line of the
screen. These function keys can be used to eliminate key strokes and save you
time. Chapter 4, "The GW-BASIC Screen Editor," contains detailed information
on function keys.

2.2 Modes of Operation

Once GW-BASIC is initialized (loaded), it displays the Ok prompt. Ok means
GW-BASIC is at command level; that is, it is ready to accept commands. At this
point, GW-BASIC may be used in either of two modes: direct mode or indirect
mode.

  9

Getting Started with GW-BASIC

2.2.1 Direct Mode

In the direct mode, GW-BASIC statements and commands are executed as they
are entered. Results of arithmetic and logical operations can be displayed
immediately and/or stored for later use, but the instructions themselves are
lost after execution. This mode is useful for debugging and for using GW-BASIC
as a calculator for quick computations that do not require a complete program.

2.2.2 Indirect Mode

The indirect mode is used to enter programs. Program lines are always preceded
by line numbers, and are stored in memory. The program stored in memory is
executed by entering the RUN command.

2.3 The GW-BASIC Command Line Format

The GW-BASIC command line lets you change the environment or the conditions
that apply while using GW-BASIC.


Note

 When you specify modifications to the operating environment of GW-BASIC,
 be sure to maintain the parameter sequence shown in the syntax statement.
 To skip a parameter, insert a comma. This will let the computer know that
 you have no changes to that particular parameter.



GW-BASIC uses a command line of the following form:

gwbasic[filename][<stdin][[>]>stdout][/f:n][/i][/s:n][/c:n][/m:[n][,n]][/d]

filename is the name of a GW-BASIC program file. If this parameter is present,
GW-BASIC proceeds as if a RUN command had been given. If no extension is pro-
vided for the filename, a default file extension of .BAS is assumed. The .BAS
extension indicates that the file is a GW-BASIC file. The maximum number of
characters a filename may contain is eight with a decimal and three extension
characters.

10

The GW-BASIC Command Line Format

<stdin redirects GW-BASIC's standard input to be read from the specified file.
When used, it must appear before any switches.

This might be used when you have multiple files that might be used by your
program and you wish to specify a particular input file.

>stdout redirects GW-BASIC's standard output to the specified file or device.
When used, it must appear before any switches. Using >> before stdout causes
output to be appended.

GW-BASIC can be redirected to read from standard input (keyboard) and write
to standard output (screen) by providing the input and output filenames on the
command line as follows:

gwbasic program name <input file[>]>output file

An explanation of file redirection follows this discussion of the GW-BASIC com-
mand line.

Switches appear frequently in command lines; they designate a specified course
of action for the command, as opposed to using the default for that setting. A
switch parameter is preceded by a slash (/).

/f:n sets the maximum number of files that may be opened simultaneously dur-
ing the execution of a GW-BASIC program. Each file requires 194 bytes for the
File Control Block (FCB) plus 128 bytes for the data buffer. The data buffer
size may be altered with the /s: switch. If the /f: switch is omitted, the
maximum number of open files defaults to 3. This switch is ignored unless the
/i
switch is also specified on the command line.

/i makes GW-BASIC statically allocate space required for file operations, based
on the /s and /f switches.

/s:n sets the maximum record length allowed for use with files. The record
length option in the OPEN statement cannot exceed this value. If the /s: switch
is omitted, the record length defaults to 128 bytes. The maximum record size is
32767.

/c:n controls RS-232 communications. If RS-232 cards are present, /c:0 disables
RS-232 support, and any subsequent I/O attempts for each RS-232 card present.
If the /c: switch is omitted, 256 bytes are allocated for the receive buffer
and
128 bytes for the transmit buffer for each card present.

  11

Getting Started with GW-BASIC

The /c: switch has no affect when RS-232 cards are not present. The /c:n switch
allocates n bytes for the receive buffer and 128 bytes for the transmit buffer
for each RS-232 card present.

/m:n[,n] sets the highest memory location (first n) and maximum block size
(second n) used by GW-BASIC. GW-BASIC attempts to allocate 64K bytes of
memory for the data and stack segments. If machine language subroutines are
to be used with GW-BASIC programs, use the /m: switch to set the highest loca-
tion that GW-BASIC can use. The maximum block size is in multiples of 16. It is
used to reserve space for user programs (assembly language subroutines) beyond
GW-BASIC's workspace.

The default for maximum block size is the highest memory location. The default
for the highest memory location is 64K bytes unless maximum block size is
specified, in which case the default is the maximum block size (in multiples of
16).

/d allows certain functions to return double-precision results. When the /d
switch is specified, approximately 3000 bytes of additional code space are
used.
The functions affected are ATN, COS, EXP, LOG, SIN, SQR, and TAN.


Note

 All switch numbers may be specified as decimal, octal (preceded by &O), or
 hexadecimal (preceded by &H).



Sample GW-BASIC command lines are as follows:

The following uses 64K bytes of memory and three files; loads and executes the
program file payroll.bas:

A>gwbasic PAYROLL

The following uses 64K bytes of memory and six files; loads and executes the
program file invent.bas:

A>gwbasic INVENT /F:6

12

The GW-BASIC Command Line Format

The following disables RS-232 support and uses only the first 32K bytes of
memory. 32K bytes above that are reserved for user programs:

A>gwbasic /C:0 /M:32768,4096

The following uses four files and allows a maximum record length of 512 bytes:

A>gwbasic /F:4 /S:512

The following uses 64K bytes of memory and three files. Allocates 512 bytes to
RS-232 receive buffers and 128 bytes to transmit buffers, and loads and
executes
the program file tty.bas:

A>gwbasic TTY /C:512

For more information about RS-232 Communications, see Appendix F.

Redirection of Standard Input and Output

When redirected, all INPUT, LINE INPUT, INPUT$, and INKEY$ statements
are read from the specified input file instead of the keyboard.

All PRINT statements write to the specified output file instead of the screen.

Error messages go to standard output and to the screen.

File input from KYBD: is still read from the keyboard.

File output to SCRN: still outputs to the screen.

GW-BASIC continues to trap keys when the ON KEY n statement is used.

Typing CTRL-BREAK when output is redirected causes GW-BASIC to close any open
files, issue the message "Break in line nnnn" to standard output, exit
GW-BASIC,
and return to MS-DOS.

When input is redirected, GW-BASIC continues to read from this source until a
CTRL-Z is detected. This condition can be tested with the end-of-file (EOF)
function. If the file is not terminated by a CTRL-Z, or if a GW-BASIC file
input
statement tries to read past the end of file, then any open files are closed,
and GW-BASIC returns to MS-DOS.

  13

Getting Started with GW-BASIC

For further information about these statements and other statements, functions,
commands, and variables mentioned in this text, refer to the GW-BASIC User's
Reference.

Some examples of redirection follow.

GWBASIC MYPROG >DATA.OUT

Data read by the INPUT and LINE INPUT statements continues to come from
the keyboard. Data output by the PRINT statement goes into the data.out file.

gwbasic MYPROG <DATA.IN

Data read by the INPUT and LINE INPUT statements comes from data.in.
Data output by PRINT continues to go to the screen.

gwbasic MYPROG <MYINPUT.DAT >MYOUTPUT.DAT

Data read by the INPUT and LINE INPUT statements now come from the file
myinput.dat, and data output by the PRINT statements goes into myoutput.dat.

gwbasic MYPROG <\SALES\JOHN\TRANS.DAT >>\SALES\SALES.DAT

Data read by the INPUT and LINE INPUT statements now comes from the file
\sales\john\trans.dat. Data output by the PRINT statement is appended to the
file \sales\sales.dat.

2.4 GW-BASIC Statements, Functions,
 Commands, and Variables

A GW-BASIC program is made up of several elements: keywords, commands,
statements, functions, and variables.

2.4.1 Keywords

GW-BASIC keywords, such as print, goto, and return have special significance
for the GW-BASIC Interpreter. GW-BASIC interprets keywords as part of state-
ments or commands.

14

Statements, Functions, Commands, and Variables

Keywords are also called reserved words. They cannot be used as variable
names, or the system will interpret them as commands. However, keywords may
be embedded within variable names.

Keywords are stored in the system as tokens (1- or 2-byte characters) for the
most efficient use of memory space.

2.4.2 Commands

Commands and statements are both executable instructions. The difference
between commands and statements is that commands are generally executed in
the direct mode, or command level of the interpreter. They usually perform
some type of program maintenance such as editing, loading, or saving programs.
When GW-BASIC is invoked and the GW-BASIC prompt, Ok, appears, the system
assumes command level.

2.4.3 Statements

A statement, such as ON ERROR...GOTO, is a group of GW-BASIC keywords
generally used in GW-BASIC program lines as part of a program. When the pro-
gram is run, statements are executed when, and as, they appear.

2.4.4 Functions

The GW-BASIC Interpreter performs both numeric and string functions.

2.4.4.1 Numeric Functions

The GW-BASIC Interpreter can perform certain mathematical (arithmetical or
algebraic) calculations. For example, it calculates the sine (sin), cosine
(cos), or tangent (tan) of angle x.

Unless otherwise indicated, only integer and single-precision results are
returned by numeric functions.

  15

Getting Started With GW-BASIC

2.4.4.2 String Functions

String functions operate on strings. For example, TIME$ and DATE$ return the
time and date known by the system. If the current time and date are entered
during system start up, the correct time and date are given (the internal clock
in the computer keeps track).

2.4.4.3 User-Defined Functions

Functions can be user-defined by means of the DEF FN statement. These func-
tions can be either string or numeric.

2.4.5 Variables

Certain groups of alphanumeric characters are assigned values and are called
variables. When variables are built into the GW-BASIC program they provide
information as they are executed.

For example, ERR defines the latest error which occurred in the program; ERL
gives the location of that error. Variables can also be defined and/or
redefined
by the user or by program content.

All GW-BASIC commands, statements, functions, and variables are individually
described in the GW-BASIC User's Reference.

2.5 Line Format

Each of the elements of GW-BASIC can make up sections of a program that are
called statements. These statements are very similar to sentences in English.
Statements are then put together in a logical manner to create programs. The
GW-BASIC User's Reference describes all of the statements available for use in
GW-BASIC.

In a GW-BASIC program, lines have the following format:

nnnnn statement[statements]

nnnnn is a line number

statement is a GW-BASIC statement.

16

Statements, Functions, Commands, and Variables

A GW-BASIC program line always begins with a line number and must contain at
least one character, but no more than 255 characters. Line numbers indicate the
order in which the program lines are stored in memory, and are also used as
references when branching and editing. The program line ends when you press
the RETURN key.

Depending on the logic of your program, there may be more than one statement
on a line. If so, each must be separated by a colon (:). Each of the lines in a
program should be preceded by a line number. This number may be any whole
integer from 0 to 65529. It is customary to use line numbers such as 10, 20,
30,
and 40, in order to leave room for any additional lines that you may wish to
include later. Since the computer will run the statements in numerical order,
additional lines needn't appear in consecutive order on the screen: for
example,
if you entered line 35 after line 60, the computer would still run line 35
after
line 30 and before line 40. This technique may save your reentering an entire
program in order to include one line that you have forgotten.

The width of your screen is 80 characters. If your statement exceeds this
width,
the cursor will wrap to the next screen line automatically. Only when you press
the RETURN key will the computer acknowledge the end of the line. Resist the
temptation to press RETURN as you approach the edge of the screen (or beyond).
The computer will automatically wrap the line for you. You can also press
CTRL-RETURN, which causes the cursor to move to the beginning of the next
screen line without actually entering the line. When you press RETURN, the
entire logical line is passed to GW-BASIC for storage in the program.

In GW-BASIC, any line of text that begins with a numeric character is
considered
a program line and is processed in one of three ways after the RETURN key is
pressed:

 o A new line is added to the program. This occurs if the line number is
 legal (within the range of 0 through 65529), and if at least one alpha or
 special character follows the line number in the line.

 o An existing line is modified. This occurs if the line number matches the
 line number of an existing line in the program. The existing line is
 replaced with the text of the newly-entered line. This process is called
 editing.

  17

Getting Started with GW-BASIC


 Note

 Reuse of an existing line number causes all of the information con-
 tained in the original line to be lost. Be careful when entering
 numbers in the indirect mode. You may erase some program lines by
 accident.


 o An existing line is deleted. This occurs if the line number matches the
 line number of an existing line, and the entered line contains only a line
 number. If an attempt is made to delete a nonexistent line, an
 "Undefined line number" error message is displayed.

2.6 Returning to MS-DOS

Before you return to MS-DOS, you must save the work you have entered under
GW-BASIC, or the work will be lost.

To return to MS-DOS, type the following after the Ok prompt, and press RETURN:

system

The system returns to MS-DOS, and the A> prompt appears on your screen.

18Chapter 3

Reviewing and Practicing
GW-BASIC


3.1 Example for the Direct Mode 21

3.2 Examples for the Indirect Mode 22

3.3 Function Keys 24

3.4 Editing Lines 24

3.5 Saving Your Program File 25

19

Example for the Direct Mode

The practice sessions in this chapter will help you review what you have
learned. If you have not done so, this is a good time to turn on your computer
and load the GW-BASIC Interpreter.

3.1 Example for the Direct Mode

You can use your computer in the direct mode to perform fundamental arith-
metic operations. GW-BASIC recognizes the following symbols as arithmetic
operators:

 Operation GW-BASIC Operator

 Addition +

 Subtraction -

 Multiplication *

 Division /

To enter a problem, respond to the Ok prompt with a question mark (?), fol-
lowed by the statement of the problem you want to solve, and press the RETURN
key. In GW-BASIC, the question mark can be used interchangeably with the key-
word PRINT. The answer is then displayed.

Type the following and press the RETURN key:

?2+2

GW-BASIC will display the answer on your screen:

?2+2
4
Ok

To practice other arithmetic operations, replace the + sign with the desired
operator.

The GW-BASIC language is not restricted to arithmetic functions. You can also
enter complex algebraic and trigonometric functions. The formats for these
functions are provided in Chapter 6, "Constants, Variables, Expressions and
Operators."

  21

Reviewing and Practicing GW-BASIC

3.2 Examples for the Indirect Mode

The GW-BASIC language can be used for functions other than simple algebraic
calculations. You can create a program that performs a series of operations and
then displays the answer. To begin programming, you create lines of
instructions
called statements. Remember that there can be more than one statement on a
line, and that each line is preceded by a number.

For example, to create the command PRINT 2+3 as a statement, type the fol-
lowing:

10 print 2+3

When you press the RETURN key, the cursor shifts to the next line, but nothing
else happens. To make the computer perform the calculation, type the following
and press the RETURN key:

run

Your screen should look like this:

Ok
10 print 2+3
run
 5
Ok

You have just written a program in GW-BASIC.

The computer reserves its calculation until specifically commanded to continue
(with the RUN command). This allows you to enter more lines of instruction.
When you type the RUN command, the computer does the addition and
displays the answer.

The following program has two lines of instructions. Type it in:

10 x=3
20 print 2+x

Now use the RUN command to have the computer calculate the answer.

22

Examples for the Indirect Mode

Your screen should look like this:

Ok
10 x=3
20 print 2+x
run
 5
Ok

The two features that distinguish a program from a calculation are

 1. the numbered lines

 2. the use of the RUN command

These features let the computer know that all the statements have been typed
and the computation can be carried out from beginning to end. It is the
numbering of the lines that first signals the computer that this is a program,
not a calculation, and that it must not do the actual computation until the
RUN command is entered.

In other words, calculations are done under the direct mode. Programs are writ-
ten under the indirect mode.

To display the entire program again, type the LIST command and press the
RETURN key:

list

Your screen should look like this:

Ok
10 x=3
20 print 2+x
run
Ok
 5
Ok
list
10 X=3
20 PRINT 2+X
Ok

You'll notice a slight change in the program. The lowercase letters you entered
have been converted into uppercase letters. The LIST command makes this
change automatically.

  23

Reviewing and Practicing GW-BASIC

3.3 Function Keys

Function keys are keys that have been assigned to frequently-used commands.
The ten function keys are located on the left side of your keyboard. A guide to
these keys and their assigned commands appears on the bottom of the GW-BASIC
screen. To save time and keystrokes, you can press a function key instead of
typing a command name.

For example, to list your program again, you needn't type the LIST command;
you can use the function key assign to it, instead:

 o Press the F1 key.

 o Press RETURN.

Your program should appear on the screen.

To run the program, simply press the F2 key, which is assigned to the RUN com-
mand.

As you learn more commands, you'll learn how to use keys F3 through F10.
Chapter 4, "The GW-BASIC Screen Editor," contains more information about
keys used in GW-BASIC.

3.4 Editing Lines

There are two basic ways to change lines. You can

 o Delete and replace them

 o Alter them with the EDIT command

To delete a line, simply type the line number and press the RETURN key. For
example, if you type 12 and press the RETURN key, line number 12 is deleted
from your program.

To use the EDIT command, type the command EDIT, followed by the number of
the line you want to change. For example, type the following, and press the
RETURN key:

edit 10

24

Saving your Program File

You can then use the following keys to perform editing:

 Key Function

 CURSOR UP Moves the cursor within the statement
 CURSOR DOWN
 CURSOR LEFT
 CURSOR RIGHT

 BACKSPACE  Deletes the character to the left of the cursor

 DELETE (DEL)  Deletes the current character

 INSERT (INS)  Lets you insert characters to the left of the cursor.

For example, to modify statement (line) 10 to read x=4, use the cursor-right
control key to move the cursor under the 3, and then type a 4. The number 4
replaces the number 3 in the statement.

Now press the RETURN key, and then the F2 key.

Your screen displays the following:

Ok
10 X=4
RUN
 6
Ok

3.5 Saving Your Program File

Creating a program is like creating a data file. The program is a file that
con-
tains specific instructions, or statements, for the computer. In order to use
the program again, you must save it, just as you would a data file.

To save a file in GW-BASIC, use the following procedure:

 1. Press the F4 key.

 The command word SAVE" appears on your screen.

 2. Type a name for the program, and press the RETURN key. The file is
 saved under the name you specified.

  25

Reviewing and Practicing GW-BASIC

To recall a saved file, use the following procedure:

1. Press the F3 key.

 The command load LOAD" appears on your screen.

2. Type the name of the file.

3. Press RETURN.

The file is loaded into memory, and ready for you to list, edit, or run.

26Chapter 4

The GW-BASIC Screen Editor


4.1 Editing Lines in New Files 29

4.2 Editing Lines in Saved Files 29

4.2.1 Editing the Information in a Program Line 29

4.3 Special Keys 30

4.4 Function Keys 33

27
        
Editing Lines in Saved Files

You can edit GW-BASIC program lines as you enter them, or after they have been
saved in a program file.

4.1 Editing Lines in New Files

If an incorrect character is entered as a line is being typed, it can be
deleted
with the BACKSPACE or DEL keys, or with CTRL-H. After the character is deleted,
you can continue to type on the line.

The ESC key lets you delete a line from the screen that is in the process of
being typed. In other words, if you have not pressed the RETURN key, and you
wish to delete the current line of entry, press the ESC key.

To delete the entire program currently residing in memory, enter the NEW com-
mand. NEW is usually used to clear memory prior to entering a new program.

4.2 Editing Lines in Saved Files

After you have entered your GW-BASIC program and saved it, you may discover
that you need to make some changes. To make these modifications, use the
LIST statement to display the program lines that are affected:

 1. Reload the program.

 2. Type the LIST command, or press the F1 key.

 3. Type the line number, or range of numbers, to be edited.

The lines will appear on your screen.

4.2.1 Editing the Information in a Program Line

You can make changes to the information in a line by positioning the cursor
where the change is to be made, and by doing one of the following:

 o Typing over the characters that are already there.

  29

        

        

  The GW-BASIC Screen Editor

 o Deleting characters to the left of the cursor, using the BACKSPACE key.

 o Deleting characters at the cursor position using the DEL key on the
 number pad.

 o Inserting characters at the cursor position by pressing the INS key on
 the number pad. This moves the characters following the cursor to the
 right making room for the new information.

 o Adding to or truncating characters at the end of the program line.

If you have changed more than one line, be sure to press RETURN on each
modified line. The modified lines will be stored in the proper numerical
sequence, even if the lines are not updated in numerical order.


Note

 A program line will not actually have changes recorded within the GW-BASIC
program until the RETURN key is pressed with the cursor positioned some-
 where on the edited line.


You do not have to move the cursor to the end of the line before pressing the
RETURN key. The GW-BASIC Interpreter remembers where each line ends, and
transfers the whole line, even if RETURN is pressed while the cursor is located
in the middle or at the beginning of the line.

To truncate, or cut off, a line at the current cursor position, type CTRL-END
or CTRL-E, followed by pressing the RETURN key.

If you have originally saved your program to a program file, make sure that you
save the edited version of your program. If you do not do this, your
modifications will not be recorded.

4.3 Special Keys

The GW-BASIC Interpreter recognizes nine of the numeric keys on the right side
of your keyboard. It also recognizes the BACKSPACE key, ESC key, and the CTRL
key. The following keys and key sequences have special functions in GW-BASIC:

30

        

        

Special Keys

 Key Function
 

 BACKSPACE or CTRL-H Deletes the last character typed, or deletes the
 character to the left of the cursor. All characters to the right of the cursor 
are moved left one position. Subsequent characters and lines within the
 current logical line are moved up as with the DEL key.

 CTRL-BREAK or CTRL-C Returns to the direct mode, without saving
 changes made to the current line. It will also exit auto line-numbering mode.

 CTRL-CURSOR-LEFT or CTRL-B Moves the cursor to the beginning of the previous
 word. The previous word is defined as the next character to the left of the
cursor in the set A to Z or in the set 0 to 9.

 CTRL-CURSOR-RIGHT or CTRL-F Moves the cursor to the beginning of the next
 word. The next word is defined as the next character to the right of the
cursor in the set A to Z or in the set 0 to 9. In other words, the cursor moves
to the next number or letter after a blank or other special character.

 CURSOR-DOWN or CTRL--  Moves the cursor down one line on the screen.

 CURSOR-LEFT or CTRL-]  Moves the cursor one position left. When the cur-
 sor is advanced beyond the left edge of the screen, it will wrap to the right
side of the screen on the preceding line.

 CURSOR-RIGHT or CTRL-\ Moves the cursor one position right. When the
 cursor is advanced beyond the right edge of the screen, it will wrap to the
left side of the screen on the following line.

 CURSOR-UP or CTRL-6 Moves the cursor up one line on the screen.

 CTRL-BACKSPACE or DEL Deletes the character positioned over the cursor.
 All characters to the right of the one deleted are then moved one position
left to fill in where the deletion was made.

 If a logical line extends beyond one physical line, 
 characters on subsequent lines are moved left one 
 position to fill in the previous space, and the
 character in the first column of each subsequent
 line is moved up to the end of the preceding line.

31

  

        

        

  The GW-BASIC Screen Editor

 DEL (delete) is the opposite of INS (insert).
 Deleting text reduces logical line length.

 CTRL-END or CTRL-E Erases from the cursor position to the end of the
 logical line. All physical screen lines are erased until the terminating
RETURN is found.

 CTRL-N or END Moves the cursor to the end of the logical line.
 Characters typed from this position are added to the line.

 CTRL-RETURN or CTRL-J Moves the cursor to the beginning of the next
 screen line. This lets you create logical program lines which are longer than
the physical screen width. Logical lines may be up to 255 characters
 long. This function may also be used as a line feed.

 CTRL-M or RETURN  Enters a line into the GW-BASIC program. It also
 moves the cursor to the next logical line.

 CTRL-[ or ESC Erases the entire logical line on which the cursor
 is located.

 CTRL-G Causes a beep to emit from your computer's speaker.

 CTRL-K or HOME  Moves the cursor to the upper left corner of the
 screen. The screen contents are unchanged.

 CTRL-HOME or CTRL-L Clears the screen and positions the cursor in the
 upper left corner of the screen.

 CTRL-R or INS Turns the Insert Mode on and off.
 Insert Mode is indicated by the cursor blotting
 the lower half of the character position. In
 Graphics Mode, the normal cursor covers the
 whole character position. When Insert Mode is
 active, only the lower half of the character posi-
 tion is blanked by the cursor.

 When Insert Mode is off, characters typed replace
 existing characters on the line. The SPACEBAR
 erases the character at the current cursor posi-
 tion and moves the cursor one character to the
 right. The CURSOR-RIGHT key moves the cursor
 one character to the right, but does not delete
 the character.

32

        

        

Function Keys

 When Insert Mode is off, pressing the TAB key
 moves the cursor over characters until the next
 tab stop is reached. Tab stops occur every eight
 character positions.

 When Insert Mode is on, characters following the
 cursor are moved to the right as typed charac-
 ters are inserted before them at the current cur-
 sor position. After each keystroke, the cursor
 moves one position to the right. Line wrapping is
 observed. That is, as characters move off the
 right side of the screen, they are inserted from
 the left on subsequent lines. Insertions increase
 logical line length.

 When Insert Mode is on, pressing the TAB key
 causes blanks to be inserted from current cursor
 position to the next tab stop. Line wrapping is
 observed as above.

 CTRL-NUM LOCK or CTRL-S Places the computer in a pause state. To resume
 operation, press any other key.

 CTRL-PRTSC Causes characters printed on the screen to echo
 to the lineprinter (lpt1:). In other words, you will
 be printing what you type on the screen. Pressing
 CTRL-PRTSC a second time turns off the echoing
 of characters to lpt1:.

 SHIFT + PRTSC Sends the current screen contents to the printer,
 effectively creating a snapshot of the screen.

 CTRL-I or TAB Moves the cursor to the next tab stop. Tab stops
 occur every eight columns.

4.4 Function Keys

Certain keys or combinations of keys let you perform frequently-used commands
or functions with a minimum number of keystrokes. These keys are called
function keys.

33

        

        
The GW-BASIC Screen Editor

The special function keys that appear on the left side of your keyboard can be
temporarily redefined to meet the programming requirements and specific func-
tions that your program may require.

Function keys allow rapid entry of as many as 15 characters into a program
with one keystroke. These keys are located on the left side of your keyboard
and are labelled F1 through F10. GW-BASIC has already assigned special
functions
to each of these keys. You will notice that after you load GW-BASIC, these spe-
cial key functions appear on the bottom line of your screen. These key assign-
ments have been selected for you as some of the most frequently used com-
mands.

Initially, the function keys are assigned the following special functions:

Table 4.1

GW-BASIC Function Key Assignments


Key  Function  Key  Function 


F1  LIST  F6  ,"LPT1:"<- 
F2  RUN<-  F7  TRON<- 
F3  LOAD"  F8  TROFF<- 
F4  SAVE"  F9  KEY 
F5  CONT<-  F10  SCREEN 0,0,0<- 


Note

 The <- following a function indicates that you needn't press the RETURN
 key after the function key. The selected command will be immediately exe-
 cuted.


If you choose, you may change the assignments of these keys. Any one or all of
the 10 function keys may be redefined. For more information, see the KEY and
ON KEY statements in the GW-BASIC User's Reference.

34

        chapter 5

Creating and Using Files


5.1 Program File Commands 37

5.2 Data Files 38

5.2.1 Creating a Sequential File 38

5.2.2 Accessing a Sequential File 40

5.2.3 Adding Data to a Sequential File 41

5.3 Random Access Files 41

5.3.1 Creating a Random Access File 42

5.3.2 Accessing a Random Access File 43

35

        
Program File Commands

There are two types of files in MS-DOS systems:

 o Program files, which contain the program or instructions for the computer

 o Data files, which contain information used or created by program files

5.1 Program File Commands

The following are the commands and statements most frequently used with pro-
gram files. The GW-BASIC User's Reference contains more information on each
of them.

SAVE filename[,a][,p]

Writes to diskette the program currently residing in memory.

LOAD filename[,r]

Loads the program from a diskette into memory. LOAD deletes the current con-
tents of memory and closes all files before loading the program.

RUN filename[,r]

Loads the program from a diskette into memory and runs it immediately. RUN
deletes the current contents of memory and closes all files before loading the
program.

MERGE filename

Loads the program from a diskette into memory, but does not delete the current
program already in memory.

KILL filename

Deletes the file from a diskette. This command can also be used with data
files.

NAME old filename AS new filename

Changes the name of a diskette file. Only the name of the file is changed. The
file is not modified, and it remains in the same space and position on the
disk.
This command can also be used with data files.

  37

        

        

  Creating and Using Files

5.2 Data Files

GW-BASIC programs can work with two types of data files:

 o Sequential files

 o Random access files

Sequential files are easier to create than random access files, but are limited
in flexibility and speed when accessing data. Data written to a sequential file
is a series of ASCII characters. Data is stored, one item after another
(sequentially), in the order sent. Data is read back in the same way.

Creating and accessing random access files requires more program steps than
sequential files, but random files require less room on the disk, because
GW-BASIC stores them in a compressed format in the form of a string.

The following sections discuss how to create and use these two types of data
files.

5.2.1 Creating a Sequential File

The following statements and functions are used with sequential files:

CLOSE LOF
EOF OPEN
INPUT# PRINT#
LINE INPUT#  PRINT# USING
LOC UNLOCK
LOCK WRITE#
 

The following program steps are required to create a sequential file and access
the data in the file:

 1. Open the file in output (O) mode. The current program will use this file
 first for output:

 OPEN "O",#1,"filename"

 2. Write data to the file using the PRINT# or WRITE# statement:

 PRINT#1,A$
 PRINT#1,B$
 PRINT#1,C$

38

        

        

 Data Files

 3. To access the data in the file, you must close the file and reopen it in
 input (I) mode:

 CLOSE #1
 OPEN "I",#1,"filename"

 4. Use the INPUT# or LINE INPUT# statement to read data from the
 sequential file into the program:

 INPUT#1,X$,Y$,Z$

Example 1 is a short program that creates a sequential file, data, from
informa-
tion input at the terminal.

Example 1

10 OPEN "O",#1,"DATA"
20 INPUT "NAME";N$
30 IF N$="DONE" THEN END
40 INPUT "DEPARTMENT";D$
50 INPUT "DATE HIRED";H$
60 PRINT#1,N$;","D$",";H$
70 PRINT:GOTO 20
RUN
NAME? MICKEY MOUSE
DEPARTMENT? AUDIO/VISUAL AIDS
DATE HIRED? 01/12/72

NAME? SHERLOCK HOLMES
DEPARTMENT? RESEARCH
DATE HIRED? 12/03/65

NAME? EBENEEZER SCROOGE
DEPARTMENT? ACCOUNTING
DATE HIRED? 04/27/78

NAME? SUPER MANN
DEPARTMENT? MAINTENANCE
DATE HIRED? 08/16/78

NAME? DONE
OK

  39

        

        

Creating and Using Files

5.2.2 Accessing a Sequential File

The program in Example 2 accesses the file data, created in the program in
Example 1, and displays the name of everyone hired in 1978.

Example 2

10 OPEN "I",#1,"DATA"
20 INPUT#1,N$,D$,H$
30 IF RIGHT$(H$,2)="78" THEN PRINT N$
40 GOTO 20
50 CLOSE #1
RUN
EBENEEZER SCROOGE
SUPER MANN
Input past end in 20
Ok

The program in Example 2 reads, sequentially, every item in the file. When all
the data has been read, line 20 causes an "Input past end" error. To avoid this
error, insert line 15, which uses the EOF function to test for end of file:

15 IF EOF(1) THEN END

and change line 40 to GOTO 15.

A program that creates a sequential file can also write formatted data to the
diskette with the PRINT# USING statement. For example, the following state-
ment could be used to write numeric data to diskette without explicit delim-
iters:

PRINT#1,USING"####.##,";A,B,C,D

The comma at the end of the format string serves to separate the items in the
disk file.

The LOC function, when used with a sequential file, returns the number of 128-
byte records that have been written to or read from the file since it was
opened.

40

        

        

Random Access Files

5.2.3 Adding Data to a Sequential File

When a sequential file is opened in O mode, the current contents are destroyed.
To add data to an existing file without destroying its contents, open the file
in append (A) mode.

The program in Example 3 can be used to create, or to add onto a file called
names. This program illustrates the use of LINE INPUT. LINE INPUT will read
in characters until it sees a carriage return indicator, or until it has read
255 characters. It does not stop at quotation marks or commas.

Example 3

10 ON ERROR GOTO 2000
20 OPEN "A",#1,"NAMES"
110 REM ADD NEW ENTRIES TO FILE
120 INPUT "NAME";N$
130 IF N$="" THEN 200 `CARRIAGE RETURN EXITS INPUT LOOP
140 LINE INPUT "ADDRESS? ";A$
150 LINE INPUT "BIRTHDAY? ";B$
160 PRINT#1,N$
170 PRINT#1,A$
180 PRINT#1,B$
190 PRINT:GOTO 120
200 CLOSE #1
2000 ON ERROR GOTO 0

In lines 10 and 2000 the ON ERROR GOTO statement is being used. This
statement enables error trapping and specifies the first line (2000) of the
error handling subroutine. Line 10 enables the error handling routine. Line
2000 disables the error handling routine and is the point where GW-BASIC
branches to print the error messages.

5.3 Random Access Files

Information in random access files is stored and accessed in distinct, numbered
units called records. Since the information is called by number, the data can
be
called from any disk location; the program needn't read the entire disk, as
when
seeking sequential files, to locate data. GW-BASIC supports large random files.
The maximum logical record number is 2 32  -1.

  41

        

        

Creating and Using Files

The following statements and functions are used with random files:

CLOSE FIELD  MKI$
CVD LOC MKS$
CVI LOCK OPEN
CVS LOF PUT
EOF LSET/RSET UNLOCK
ET  MKD$

5.3.1 Creating a Random Access File

The following program steps are required to create a random data file:

 1. Open the file for random access (R) mode. The following example
 specifies a record length of 32 bytes. If the record length is omitted, the
 default is 128 bytes.

 OPEN "R",#1,"filename",32

 2. Use the FIELD statement to allocate space in the random buffer for the
 variables that will be written to the random file:

 FIELD#1,20 AS N$,4 AS A$,8 AS P$

 In this example, the first 20 positions (bytes) in the random file buffer
 are allocated to the string variable N$. The next 4 positions are allo-
 cated to A$; the next 8 to P$.

 3. Use LSET or RSET to move the data into the random buffer fields in
 left- or right-justified format (L=left SET;R=right SET). Numeric
 values must be made into strings when placed in the buffer. MKI$ con-
 verts an integer value into a string; MKS$ converts a single-precision
 value, and MKD$ converts a double-precision value.

 LSET N$=X$
 LSET A$=MKS$(AMT)
 LSET P$=TEL$

 4. Write the data from the buffer to the diskette using the PUT statement:

 PUT #1,CODE%

The program in Example 4 takes information keyed as input at the terminal
and writes it to a random access data file. Each time the PUT statement is exe-
cuted, a record is written to the file. In the example, the 2-digit CODE% input
in line 30 becomes the record number.

42



 Note

 Do not use a fielded string variable in an INPUT or LET statement. This
 causes the pointer for that variable to point into string space instead of 
 the random file buffer.


Example 4

10 OPEN "R",#1,"INFOFILE",32
20 FIELD#1,20 AS N$, 4 AS A$, 8 AS P$
30 INPUT "2-DIGIT CODE";CODE%
40 INPUT "NAME";X$
50 INPUT "AMOUNT";AMT
60 INPUT "PHONE";TEL$:PRINT
70 LSET N$=X$
80 LSET A$=MKS$(AMT)
90 LSET P$=TEL$
100 PUT #1,CODE%
110 GOTO 30

5.3.2 Accessing a Random Access File

The following program steps are required to access a random file:

 1. Open the file in R mode:

 OPEN "R",#1,"filename",32

 2. Use the FIELD statement to allocate space in the random buffer for the
 variables that will be read from the file:

 FIELD, #1, 20 AS N$, 4 AS A$, 8 AS P$

 In this example, the first 20 positions (bytes) in the random file buffer
 are allocated to the string variable N$. The next 4 positions are allo-
 cated to A$; the next 8 to P$.


 Note

 In a program that performs both INPUT and OUTPUT on the same
 random file, you can often use just one OPEN statement and one
 FIELD statement.


  43
        

Creating and Using Files

 3. Use the GET statement to move the desired record into the random
 buffer.

 GET #1,CODE%

 The data in the buffer can now be accessed by the program.

 4. Convert numeric values back to numbers using the convert functions:
 CVI for integers, CVS for single-precision values, and CVD for double-
 precision values.

 PRINT N$
 PRINT CVS(A$)
 .
 .
 .

The program in Example 5 accesses the random file, infofile, that was created
in
Example 4. By inputting the 3-digit code, the information associated with that
code is read from the file and displayed.

Example 5

10 OPEN "R",#1,"INFOFILE",32
20 FIELD #1, 20 AS N$, 4 AS A$, 8 AS P$
30 INPUT "2-DIGIT CODE";CODE%
40 GET #1, CODE%
50 PRINT N$
60 PRINT USING "$$###.##";CVS(A$)
70 PRINT P$:PRINT
80 GOTO 30

With random files, the LOC function returns the current record number. The
current record number is the last record number used in a GET or PUT state-
ment. For example, the following line ends program execution if the current
record number in file#1 is higher than 99:

IF LOC(1)>99 THEN END

Example 6 is an inventory program that illustrates random file access. In this
program, the record number is used as the part number, and it is assumed that
the inventory will contain no more than 100 different part numbers.

Lines 900-960 initialize the data file by writing CHR$(255) as the first
character of each record. This is used later (line 270 and line 500) to
determine whether an entry already exists for that part number.

44

        

        
Random Access Files

Lines 130-220 display the different inventory functions that the program per-
forms. When you type in the desired function number, line 230 branches to the
appropriate subroutine.

Example 6

120 OPEN"R",#1,"INVEN.DAT",39
125 FIELD#1,1 AS F$,30 AS D$, 2 AS Q$,2 AS R$,4 AS P$
130 PRINT:PRINT "FUNCTIONS:":PRINT
135 PRINT 1,"INITIALIZE FILE"
140 PRINT 2,"CREATE A NEW ENTRY"
150 PRINT 3,"DISPLAY INVENTORY FOR ONE PART"
160 PRINT 4,"ADD TO STOCK"
170 PRINT 5,"SUBTRACT FROM STOCK"
180 PRINT 6,"DISPLAY ALL ITEMS BELOW REORDER LEVEL"
220 PRINT:PRINT:INPUT"FUNCTION";FUNCTION
225 IF (FUNCTION<1)OR(FUNCTION>6) THEN PRINT "BAD FUNCTION 
NUMBER":GOTO 130
230 ON FUNCTION GOSUB 900,250,390,480,560,680
240 GOTO 220
250 REM BUILD NEW ENTRY
260 GOSUB 840
270 IF ASC(F$) < > 255 THEN INPUT"OVERWRITE";A$:
 IF A$ < > "Y" THEN RETURN
280 LSET F$=CHR$(0)
290 INPUT "DESCRIPTION";DESC$
300 LSET D$=DESC$
310 INPUT "QUANTITY IN STOCK";Q%
320 LSET Q$=MKI$(Q%)
330 INPUT "REORDER LEVEL";R%
340 LSET R$=MKI$(R%)
350 INPUT "UNIT PRICE";P
360 LSET P$=MKS$(P)
370 PUT#1,PART%
380 RETURN
390 REM DISPLAY ENTRY
400 GOSUB 840
410 IF ASC(F$)=255 THEN PRINT "NULL ENTRY":RETURN
420 PRINT USING "PART NUMBER ###";PART%
430 PRINT D$
440 PRINT USING "QUANTITY ON HAND #####";CVI(Q$)
450 PRINT USING "REORDER LEVEL #####";CVI(R$)
460 PRINT USING "UNIT PRICE $$##.##";CVS(P$)
470 RETURN
480 REM ADD TO STOCK
490 GOSUB 840
500 IF ASC(F$)=255 THEN PRINT "NULL ENTRY":RETURN
510 PRINT D$:INPUT "QUANTITY TO ADD";A%

  45

        

        

Creating and Using Files

520 Q%=CVI(Q$)+A%
530 LSET Q$=MKI$(Q%)
540 PUT#1,PART%
550 RETURN
560 REM REMOVE FROM STOCK
570 GOSUB 840
580 IF ASC(F$)=255 THEN PRINT "NULL ENTRY":RETURN
590 PRINT D$
600 INPUT "QUANTITY TO SUBTRACT";S%
610 Q%=CVI(Q$)
620 IF (Q%-S%)<0 THEN PRINT "ONLY";Q%;" IN STOCK" :GOTO 600
630 Q%=Q%-S%
640 IF Q%= < CVI(R$) THEN PRINT "QUANTITY NOW";Q%;
"REORDER LEVEL";CVI(R$)
650 LSET Q$=MKI$(Q%)
660 PUT#1,PART%
670 RETURN
680 REM DISPLAY ITEMS BELOW REORDER LEVEL4
690 FOR I=1 TO 100
710 GET#1,I
720 IF CVI(Q$)<CVI(R$) THEN PRINT D$;" QUANTITY";
CVI(Q$) TAB(50) "REORDER LEVEL";CVI(R$)
730 NEXT I
740 RETURN
840 INPUT "PART NUMBER";PART%
850 IF(PART% < 1)OR(PART% > 100) THEN PRINT "BAD PART NUMBER":
GOTO 840 ELSE GET#1,PART%:RETURN
890 END
900 REM INITIALIZE FILE
910 INPUT "ARE YOU SURE";B$:IF B$ < > "Y" THEN RETURN
920 LSET F$=CHR$(255)
930 FOR I=1 TO 100
940 PUT#1,I
950 NEXT I
960 RETURN

46

        

        Chapter 6

Constants, Variables,
Expressions and Operators


6.1 Constants 49

6.1.1 Single- and Double-Precision Form
 for Numeric Constants 50

6.2 Variables 51

6.2.1 Variable Names and Declarations 51

6.2.2 Type Declaration Characters 51

6.2.3 Array Variables 52

6.2.4 Memory Space Requirements
 for Variable Storage 53

6.3 Type Conversion 54

6.4 Expressions and Operators 56

6.4.1 Arithmetic Operators 56

6.4.1.1 Integer Division and Modulus Arithmetic 57

6.4.1.2 Overflow and Division by Zero 58

6.4.2 Relational Operators 58

6.4.3 Logical Operators 59

6.4.4 Functional Operators 61

6.4.5 String Operators 61

  47

Constants

After you have learned the fundamentals of programming in GW-BASIC, you will
find that you will want to write more complex programs. The information in
this chapter will help you learn more about the use of constants, variables,
expressions, and operators in GW-BASIC, and how they can be used to develop
more sophisticated programs.

6.1 Constants

Constants are static values the GW-BASIC Interpreter uses during execution of
your program. There are two types of constants: string and numeric.

A string constant is a sequence of 0 to 255 alphanumeric characters enclosed in
double quotation marks. The following are sample string constants:

"HELLO"
"$25,000.00"
"Number of Employees"

Numeric constants can be positive or negative. When entering a numeric con-
stant in GW-BASIC, you should not type the commas. For instance, if the number
10,000 were to be entered as a constant, it would be typed as 10000. There are
five types of numeric constants: integer, fixed-point, floating-point,
hexadecimal, and octal.

 Constant Description
 

 Integer  Whole numbers between -32768 and +32767.  They do not contain decimal
points.

 Fixed-Point Positive or negative real numbers that contain decimal points.

 Floating-Point Constants Positive or negative numbers represented in
 exponential form (similar to scientific notation).  A floating-point constant
consists of an optionally-signed integer or fixed-point number (the mantissa),
followed by the letter E and an optionally-signed integer (the exponent).

  49

        

        

 Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

 The allowable range for floating-point constants  is 3.0X10 -39  to 1.7X10 38.
For example:

 235.988E-7=.0000235988
 2359E6=2359000000

 Hexadecimal Hexadecimal numbers with prefix &H. For example:

 &H76
 &H32F

 Octal  Octal numbers with the prefix &O or &. For example:

 &O347
 &1234

6.1.1 Single- and Double-Precision Form
 for Numeric Constants

Numeric constants can be either integers, single-precision or double-precision
numbers. Integer constants are stored as whole numbers only. Single-precision
numeric constants are stored with 7 digits (although only 6 may be accurate).
Double-precision numeric constants are stored with 17 digits of precision, and
printed with as many as 16 digits.

A single-precision constant is any numeric constant with either

 o Seven or fewer digits

 o Exponential form using E

 o A trailing exclamation point (!)

A double-precision constant is any numeric constant with either

 o Eight or more digits

 o Exponential form using D

 o A trailing number sign (#)

50

        

        

Variables

The following are examples of single- and double-precision numeric constants:

 Single-Precision Constants  Double-Precision Constants
 

 46.8 345692811

 -1.09E-06 -1.09432D-06

 3489.0 3490.0#

 22.5! 7654321.1234

6.2 Variables

Variables are the names that you have chosen to represent values used in a
GW-BASIC program. The value of a variable may be assigned specifically, or may
be the result of calculations in your program. If a variable is assigned no
value, GW-BASIC assumes the variable's value to be zero.

6.2.1 Variable Names and Declarations

GW-BASIC variable names may be any length; up to 40 characters are significant.
The characters allowed in a variable name are letters, numbers, and the
decimal point. The first character in the variable name must be a letter.
Special type declaration characters are also allowed.

Reserved words (all the words used as GW-BASIC commands, statements, functions,
and operators) can't be used as variable names. However, if the reserved word
is embedded within the variable name, it will be allowed. 

Variables may represent either numeric values or strings.

6.2.2 Type Declaration Characters

Type declaration characters indicate what a variable represents. The following
type declaration characters are recognized:

  51

        

        

 Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

 Character  Type of Variable
 

 $ String variable

 % Integer variable

 ! Single-precision variable

 # Double-precision variable

The following are sample variable names for each type:

 Variable Type  Sample Name
 
 String variable N$

 Integer variable LIMIT%

 Single-precision variable MINIMUM!

 Double-precision variable Pl#

The default type for a numeric variable name is single-precision. Double-
precision, while very accurate, uses more memory space and more calculation
time. Single-precision is sufficiently accurate for most applications. However,
the seventh significant digit (if printed) will not always be accurate. You
should be very careful when making conversions between integer,
single-precision, and double-precision variables.

The following variable is a single-precision value by default:

ABC

Variables beginning with FN are assumed to be calls to a user-defined function.

The GW-BASIC statements DEFINT, DEFSTR, DEFSNG, and DEFDBL may be included in a
program to declare the types of values for certain variable names.

6.2.3 Array Variables

An array is a group or table of values referenced by the same variable name.
Each element in an array is referenced by an array variable that is a
subscripted integer or an integer expression. The subscript is enclosed within
parentheses.  An array variable name has as many subscripts as there are
dimensions in the array.

52

        

Variables

For example,

V(10)

references a value in a one-dimensional array, while

T(1,4)

references a value in a two-dimensional array.

The maximum number of dimensions for an array in GW-BASIC is 255. The max-
imum number of elements per dimension is 32767.


Note

 If you are using an array with a subscript value greater than 10, you should
 use the DIM statement. Refer to the GW-BASIC User's Reference for more
 information. If a subscript greater than the maximum specified is used, you
 will receive the error message "Subscript out of range."



Multidimensional arrays (more than one subscript separated by commas) are
useful for storing tabular data. For example, A(1,4) could be used to represent
a two-row, five-column array such as the following:

 Column 0 1 2 3 4

 Row 0 10 20 30 40 50
 Row 1 60 70 80 90 100

In this example, element A(1,2)=80 and A(0,3)=40.

Rows and columns begin with 0, not 1, unless otherwise declared. For more
information, see the OPTION BASE statement in the GW-BASIC User's Refer-
ence.

6.2.4 Memory Space Requirements
 for Variable Storage

The different types of variables require different amounts of storage.
Depending
on the storage and memory capacity of your computer and the size of the pro-
gram that you are developing, these can be important considerations.

  53

        

        

  Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

 Variable  Required Bytes of Storage

 Integer 2

 Single-precision 4

 Double-precision 8

 Arrays  Required Bytes of Storage
 
 Integer 2 per element

 Single-precision 4 per element

 Double-precision 8 per element

Strings:

Three bytes overhead, plus the present contents of the string as one byte for
each character in the string. Quotation marks marking the beginning and end
of each string are not counted.

6.3 Type Conversion

When necessary, GW-BASIC converts a numeric constant from one type of vari-
able to another, according to the following rules:

 o If a numeric constant of one type is set equal to a numeric variable of a
 different type, the number is stored as the type declared in the variable
 name. For example:

 10 A% = 23.42
 20 PRINT A%
 RUN
  23

 If a string variable is set equal to a numeric value or vice versa, a
 "Type Mismatch" error occurs.

 o During an expression evaluation, all of the operands in an arithmetic or
 relational operation are converted to the same degree of precision; that
 is, that of the most precise operand. Also, the result of an arithmetic
 operation is returned to this degree of precision. For example:

54

        

        

 Variables

 10 D# = 6#/7 
 20 PRINT D# 
 RUN
  .8571428571428571

 The arithmetic is performed in double-precision, and the result is
 returned in D# as a double-precision value.

 10 D = 6#/7 
 20 PRINT D 
 RUN 

 The arithmetic is performed in double-precision, and the result is
 returned to D (single-precision variable) rounded and printed as a
 single-precision value.

 o Logical operators convert their operands to integers and return an
 integer result. Operands must be within the range of -32768 to 32767
 or an "Overflow" error occurs.

 o When a floating-point value is converted to an integer, the fractional
 portion is rounded.

 For example:

 10 C% = 55.88
 20 PRINT C%
 RUN
  56

 o If a double-precision variable is assigned a single-precision value, only
 the first seven digits (rounded), of the converted number are valid. This
 is because only seven digits of accuracy were supplied with the single-
 precision value. The absolute value of the difference between the printed
 double-precision number, and the original single-precision value, is less
 than 6.3E-8 times the original single-precision value.

 For example:

 10 A = 2.04
 20 B# = A
 30 PRINT A;B#
 RUN
  2.04 2.039999961853027

55

        

        

Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

6.4 Expressions and Operators

An expression may be simply a string or numeric constant, a variable, or it may
combine constants and variables with operators to produce a single value.

Operators perform mathematical or logical operations on values. The operators
provided by GW-BASIC are divided into four categories:

o Arithmetic

o Relational

o Logical

o Functional

  6.4.1 Arithmetic Operators

The following are the arithmetic operators recognized by GW-BASIC. They
appear in order of precedence.

Operator  Operation

^ Exponentiation

- Negation

* Multiplication

/ Floating-point Division

+ Addition

- Subtraction

Operations within parentheses are performed first. Inside the parentheses, the
usual order of precedence is maintained.

The following are sample algebraic expressions and their GW-BASIC counterparts:

56

        

        

Expressions and Operators

Algebraic  BASIC
Expression Expression

X-Z/Y (X-Y)/Z

XY/Z X*Y/Z

X+Y/Z (X+Y)/Z

(X 2) Y (X^2)^Y

X  Y  Z X^(Y^Z)

X(-Y) X*(-Y)

Two consecutive operators must be separated by parentheses.

6.4.1.1 Integer Division and Modulus Arithmetic

Two additional arithmetic operators are available: integer division and modulus
arithmetic.

Integer division is denoted by the backslash (\). The operands are rounded to
integers (must be within the range of -32768 to 32767) before the division is
performed, and the quotient is truncated to an integer.

The following are examples of integer division:

10\4 = 2
25.68\6.99 = 3

In the order of occurrence within GW-BASIC, the integer division will be per-
formed just after floating-point division.

Modulus arithmetic is denoted by the operator MOD. It gives the integer value
that is the remainder of an integer division.

The following are examples of modulus arithmetic:

10.4 MOD 4 = 2 
(10/4=2 with a remainder 2)

25.68 MOD 6.99 = 5 
(26/7=3 with a remainder 5)     

57

        

Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

In the order of occurrence within GW-BASIC, modulus arithmetic follows integer
division. The INT and FIX functions, described in the GW-BASIC User's Refer-
ence, are also useful in modulus arithmetic.

6.4.1.2 Overflow and Division by Zero

If, during the evaluation of an expression, a division by zero is encountered,
the "Division by zero" error message appears, machine infinity with the sign of
the numerator is supplied as the result of the division, and execution
continues.

If the evaluation of an exponentiation results in zero being raised to a
negative power, the "Division by Zero" error message appears, positive machine
infinity is supplied as the result of the exponentiation, and execution
continues.

If overflow occurs, the "Overflow" error message appears, machine infinity with
the algebraically correct sign is supplied as the result, and execution
continues. The errors that occur in overflow and division by zero will not be
trapped by the error trapping function.

6.4.2 Relational Operators

Relational operators let you compare two values. The result of the comparison
is either true (-1) or false (0). This result can then be used to make a
decision regarding program flow.

Table 6-1 displays the relational operators.

Table 6.1

Relational Operators


Operator  Relation Tested  Expression 


=  Equality  X=Y 
<>  Inequality  X<>Y 
<  Less than  X<Y 
>  Greater than  X>Y 
<=  Less than or equal to  X<=Y 
>=  Greater than or equal to  X>=Y 

 

58

        

Expressions and Operators

The equal sign is also used to assign a value to a variable. See the LET state-
ment in the GW-BASIC User's Reference.

When arithmetic and relational operators are combined in one expression, the
arithmetic is always performed first:

X+Y < (T-1)/Z

This expression is true if the value of X plus Y is less than the value of T-1
divided by Z.

6.4.3 Logical Operators

Logical operators perform tests on multiple relations, bit manipulation, or
boolean operations. The logical operator returns a bit-wise result which is
either true (not zero) or false (zero). In an expression, logical operations
are performed after arithmetic and relational operations. The outcome of a
logical operation is determined as shown in the following table. The operators
are listed in order of precedence.

Table 6.2

Results Returned by Logical Operations


Operation  Value  Value  Result 


NOT   X      NOT X 
   ____________________         
    T      F 
    F      T 

           
AND   X   Y   X  AND  Y 
   ____________________
    T   T   T 
    T   F   F 
    F   T   F 
    F   F   F 
_________________________________________
 

59
        

        

Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

Table 6.2(continued)


Operation Value Value Result

OR   X   Y   X  OR  Y 
   ____________________
    T   T   T 
    T   F   T 
    F   T   T 
    F   F   F 

           
XOR   X   Y   X  XOR  Y 
   ____________________
    T   T   F 
    T   F   T 
    F   T   T 
    F   F   F 

           
EQV   X   Y   X  EQV  Y 
   ____________________
    T   T   T 
    T   F   F 
    F   T   F 
    F   F   T 

 
IMP   X   Y   X  IMP  Y 
   ____________________         
    T   T   T 
    T   F   F 
    F   T   T 
    F   F   T 

 

Just as the relational operators can be used to make decisions regarding pro-
gram flow, logical operators can connect two or more relations and return a
true or false value to be used in a decision. For example:

IF D<200 AND F<4 THEN 80
IF I>10 OR K<0 THEN 50
IF NOT P THEN 100

Logical operators convert their operands to 16-bit, signed, two's complement
integers within the range of -32768 to +32767 (if the operands are not 
within this range, an error results). If both operands are supplied as 0 or

60

        

        

Expressions and Operators

-1, logical operators return 0 or -1. The given operation is performed on these
integers in bits; that is, each bit of the result is determined by the
corresponding bits in the two operands.

Thus, it is possible to use logical operators to test bytes for a particular
bit pattern. For instance, the AND operator may be used to mask all but one of
the
bits of a status byte at a machine I/O port. The OR operator may be used to
merge two bytes to create a particular binary value. The following examples
demonstrate how the logical operators work:

Example  Explanation

63 AND 16=16 63 = binary 111111 and 16 = binary 10000, so 63
 AND 16 = 16

15 AND 14=14 15 = binary 1111 and 14 = binary 1110, so 15 AND
 14 = 14 (binary 1110)

-1 AND 8=8 -1 = binary 1111111111111111 and 8 = binary 1000,
 so -1 AND 8 = 8

4 OR 2=6 4 = binary 100 and 2 = binary 10, so 4 OR 2 = 6
 (binary 110)

10 OR 10=10 10 = binary 1010, so 1010 OR 1010 =1010 (10)

-1 OR -2=-1 -1 = binary 1111111111111111 and -2 = binary
 1111111111111110,so -1 OR -2 = -1. The bit comple-
 ment of 16 zeros is 16 ones, which is the two's com-
 plement representation of -1.

NOT X=-(X+1) The two's complement of any integer is the bit com-
 plement plus one.

6.4.4 Functional Operators

A function is used in an expression to call a predetermined operation that is
to
be performed on an operand. GW-BASIC has intrinsic functions that reside in the
system, such as SQR (square root) or SIN (sine).

GW-BASIC also allows user-defined functions written by the programmer. See the
DEF FN statement in the GW-BASIC User's Reference.

  61

        

        

Constants, Variables, Expressions and Operators

6.4.5 String Operators

To compare strings, use the same relational operators used with numbers:

Operator  Meaning

= Equal to

<> Unequal

< Less than

> Greater than

<= Less than or equal to

>= Greater than or equal to

The GW-BASIC Interpreter compares strings by taking one character at a time
from each string and comparing their ASCII codes. If the ASCII codes in each
string are the same, the strings are equal. If the ASCII codes differ, the
lower
code number will precede the higher code. If the interpreter reaches the end of
one string during string comparison, the shorter string is said to be smaller,
providing that both strings are the same up to that point. Leading and trailing
blanks are significant.

For example:

"AA" < "AB"
"FILENAME" = "FILENAME"
"X&" > "X#"
"CL " > "CL"
"kg" > "KG"
"SMYTH" < "SMYTHE"
B$ < "9/12/78" where B$ = "8/12/78"

String comparisons can also be used to test string values or to alphabetize
strings. All string constants used in comparison expressions must be enclosed
in
quotation marks.

Strings can be concatenated by using the plus (+) sign. For example:

10 A$="FILE":B$="NAME"
20 PRINT A$+B$
30 PRINT "NEW " + A$+B$
RUN
FILENAME
NEW FILENAME

Appendix A

Error Codes and Messages

Code: Message: 

1 NEXT without FOR

 NEXT statement does not have a corresponding FOR state-
 ment. Check variable at FOR statement for a match with the
 NEXT statement variable.

2 Syntax error

 A line is encountered that contains an incorrect sequence of
 characters (such as unmatched parentheses, a misspelled com-
 mand or statement, incorrect punctuation). This error causes
 GW-BASIC to display the incorrect line in edit mode.

3 RETURN without GOSUB

 A RETURN statement is encountered for which there is no pre-
 vious GOSUB statement.

4 Out of DATA

 A READ statement is executed when there are no DATA state-
 ments with unread data remaining in the program.

5 Illegal function call

 An out-of-range parameter is passed to a math or string func-
 tion. An illegal function call error may also occur as the result
 of

 o a negative or unreasonably large subscript

 o a negative or zero argument with LOG

 o a negative argument to SQR

 o a negative mantissa with a noninteger power

  63

        

        
Appendix A

 o a call to a USR function for which the starting address
 has not yet been given

 o an improper argument to MID$, LEFT$, RIGHT$, INP,
 OUT, WAIT, PEEK, POKE, TAB, SPC, STRING$,
 SPACE$, INSTR, or ON...GOTO

6 Overflow

 The result of a calculation is too large to be represented in
 GW-BASIC's number format. If underflow occurs, the result is
 zero, and execution continues without an error.

7 Out of memory

 A program is too large, has too many FOR loops, GOSUBs,
 variables, or expressions that are too complicated. Use the
 CLEAR statement to set aside more stack space or memory
 area.

8 Undefined line number

 A line reference in a GOTO, GOSUB, IF-THEN...ELSE, or
 DELETE is a nonexistent line.

9 Subscript out of range

 An array element is referenced either with a subscript that is
 outside the dimensions of the array, or with the wrong number
 of subscripts.

10 Duplicate Definition

 Two DIM statements are given for the same array, or a DIM
 statement is given for an array after the default dimension of
 10 has been established for that array.

11 Division by zero

 A division by zero is encountered in an expression, or the opera-
 tion of involution results in zero being raised to a negative
 power. Machine infinity with the sign of the numerator is sup-
 plied as the result of the division, or positive machine infinity is
 supplied as the result of the involution, and execution continues.

64

        

        

Error Codes and Messages

12 Illegal direct

 A statement that is illegal in direct mode is entered as a direct
 mode command.

  
 13 Type mismatch

 A string variable name is assigned a numeric value or vice
 versa; a function that expects a numeric argument is given a
 string argument or vice versa.

14 Out of string space

 String variables have caused GW-BASIC to exceed the amount of
 free memory remaining. GW-BASIC allocates string space dynami-
 cally until it runs out of memory.

15 String too long

 An attempt is made to create a string more than 255 characters
 long.

16 String formula too complex

 A string expression is too long or too complex. Break the expres-
 sion into smaller expressions.

17 Can't continue

 An attempt is made to continue a program that

 o has halted because of an error

 o has been modified during a break in execution

 o does not exist

18 Undefined user function

 A USR function is called before the function definition (DEF
 statement) is given.

19 No RESUME

 An error-trapping routine is entered but contains no RESUME
 statement.

65

        

        

Appendix A

20 RESUME without error

 A RESUME statement is encountered before an error-trapping
 routine is entered.

21 Unprintable error

 No error message is available for the existing error condition.
 This is usually caused by an error with an undefined error code.

22 Missing operand

 An expression contains an operator with no operand following
 it.

23 Line buffer overflow

 An attempt is made to input a line that has too many charac-
 ters.

24 Device Timeout

 GW-BASIC did not receive information from an I/O device within
 a predetermined amount of time.

25 Device Fault

 Indicates a hardware error in the printer or interface card.

26 FOR Without NEXT

 A FOR was encountered without a matching NEXT.

27 Out of Paper

 The printer is out of paper; or, a printer fault.

28 Unprintable error

 No error message is available for the existing error condition.
 This is usually caused by an error with an undefined error code.

29 WHILE without WEND

 A WHILE statement does not have a matching WEND.

66

        

        

Error Codes and Messages

30 WEND without WHILE

 A WEND was encountered without a matching WHILE.

31-49 Unprintable error

 No error message is available for the existing error condition.
 This is usually caused by an error with an undefined error code.

50 FIELD overflow

 A FIELD statement is attempting to allocate more bytes than
 were specified for the record length of a random file.

51 Internal error

 An internal malfunction has occurred in GW-BASIC. Report to
 your dealer the conditions under which the message appeared.

52 Bad file number

 A statement or command references a file with a file number
 that is not open or is out of range of file numbers specified at
 initialization.

53 File not found

 A LOAD, KILL, NAME, FILES, or OPEN statement references
 a file that does not exist on the current diskette.

54 Bad file mode

 An attempt is made to use PUT, GET, or LOF with a sequen-
 tial file, to LOAD a random file, or to execute an OPEN with a
 file mode other than I, O, A, or R.

55 File already open

 A sequential output mode OPEN is issued for a file that is
 already open, or a KILL is given for a file that is open.

56 Unprintable error

 An error message is not available for the error condition which
 exists. This is usually caused by an error with an undefined
 error code.

67

        

        

Appendix A

57 Device I/O Error

 Usually a disk I/O error, but generalized to include all I/O dev-
 ices. It is a fatal error; that is, the operating system cannot
 recover from the error.

58 File already exists

 The filename specified in a NAME statement is identical to a
 filename already in use on the diskette.

59-60 Unprintable error

 No error message is available for the existing error condition.
 This is usually caused by an error with an undefined error code.

61 Disk full

 All disk storage space is in use.

62 Input past end

 An INPUT statement is executed after all the data in the file
 has been input, or for a null (empty) file. To avoid this error,
 use the EOF function to detect the end of file.

63 Bad record number

 In a PUT or GET statement, the record number is either
 greater than the maximum allowed (16,777,215) or equal to
 zero.

64 Bad filename

 An illegal form is used for the filename with LOAD, SAVE,
 KILL, or OPEN; for example, a filename with too many charac-
 ters.

65 Unprintable error

 No error message is available for the existing error condition.
 This is usually caused by an error with an undefined error code.

66 Direct statement in file

 A direct statement is encountered while loading a ASCII-format
 file. The LOAD is terminated.

68

        

        

Error Codes and Messages

67 Too many files

 An attempt is made to create a new file (using SAVE or OPEN)
 when all directory entries are full or the file specifications are
 invalid.

68 Device Unavailable

 An attempt is made to open a file to a nonexistent device. It
 may be that hardware does not exist to support the device, such
 as lpt2: or lpt3:, or is disabled by the user. This occurs if an
 OPEN "COM1: statement is executed but the user disables RS-
 232 support with the /c: switch directive on the command line.

  
69 Communication buffer overflow

 Occurs when a communications input statement is executed, but
 the input queue is already full. Use an ON ERROR GOTO
 statement to retry the input when this condition occurs. Subse-
 quent inputs attempt to clear this fault unless characters con-
 tinue to be received faster than the program can process them.
 In this case several options are available:

 o Increase the size of the COM receive buffer with the /c:
 switch.

 o Implement a hand-shaking protocol with the
 host/satellite (such as: XON/XOFF, as demonstrated
 in the TTY programming example) to turn transmit off
 long enough to catch up.

 o Use a lower baud rate for transmit and receive.

70 Permission Denied

 This is one of three hard disk errors returned from the diskette
 controller.

 o An attempt has been made to write onto a diskette
 that is write protected.

 o Another process has attempted to access a file already
 in use.

 o The UNLOCK range specified does not match the
 preceding LOCK statement.

69

        

        

Appendix A

71 Disk not Ready

 Occurs when the diskette drive door is open or a diskette is not
 in the drive. Use an ON ERROR GOTO statement to recover.

72 Disk media error

 Occurs when the diskette controller detects a hardware or
 media fault. This usually indicates damaged media. Copy any
 existing files to a new diskette, and reformat the damaged
 diskette. FORMAT maps the bad tracks in the file allocation
 table. The remainder of the diskette is now usable.

73 Advanced Feature

 An attempt was made to use a reserved word that is not avail-
 able in this version of GW-BASIC.

74 Rename across disks

 Occurs when an attempt is made to rename a file to a new
 name declared to be on a disk other than the disk specified for
 the old name. The naming operation is not performed.

75 Path/File Access Error

 During an OPEN, MKDIR, CHDIR, or RMDIR operation,
 MS-DOS is unable to make a correct path-to-filename connection.
 The operation is not completed.

76 Path not found

 During an OPEN, MKDIR, CHDIR, or RMDIR operation,
 MS-DOS is unable to find the path specified. The operation is not
 completed.

Appendix B

Mathematical Functions


Mathematical functions not intrinsic to GW-BASIC can be calculated as follows:

 Function  GW-BASIC Equivalent
 
 Secant  SEC(X)=1/COS(X)

 Cosecant  CSC(X)=1/SIN(X)

 Cotangent  COT(X)=1/TAN(X)

 Inverse Sine  ARCSIN(X)=ATN(X/SQR(-X*X+1))

 Inverse ARCCOS(X)=ATN (X/SQR(-X*X+1))+ pi/2
 Cosine  

 Inverse ARCSEC(X)=ATN(X/SQR(X*X-1))+SGN(SGN(X)-1)* pi/2
 Secant  

 Inverse  ARCCSC(X)=ATN(X/SQR(X*X-1))+SGN(X)-1)* pi/2
 Cosecant  

 Inverse  ARCCOT(X)=ATN(X)+ pi/2
 Cotangent  

 Hyperbolic   SINH(X)=(EXP(X)-EXP(-X))/2
 Sine

 Hyperbolic COSH(X)=(EXP(X)+EXP(-X))/2
 Cosine

 Hyperbolic  TANH(X)=EXP(X)-EXP(-X))/+(EXP(X)+EXP(-X))
 Tangent

 Hyperbolic  SECH(X)=2/(EXP(X)+EXP(-X))
 Secant

 Hyperbolic  CSCH(X)=2/(EXP(X)-EXP(-X))
 Cosecant

 Hyperbolic  COTH(X)=EXP(-X)/(EXP(X)-EXP(-X))*2+1
 Cotangent

71

        

        

Appendix B

 Inverse  ARCSINH(X)=LOG(X/SQR(X*X+1))
 Hyperbolic
 Sine

 Inverse  ARCCOSH(X)=LOG(X+SQR(X*X-1))
 Hyperbolic
 Cosine

 Inverse  ARCTANH(X)=LOG((1+X)/(1-X))/2
 Hyperbolic
 Tangent

 Inverse  ARCCSCH(X)=LOG(SGN(X)*SQR(X*X+1)+1)/X
 Hyperbolic
 Cosecant

 Inverse  ARCSECH(X)=LOG(SQR(-X*X+1)+1)/X
 Hyperbolic
 Secant

 Inverse  ARCCOTH(X)=LOG((X+1)/(X-1))/2
 Hyperbolic
 Cotangent

  72

        Appendix C

ASCII Character Codes


Dec Oct Hex Chr Dec Oct Hex Chr 

000 000 00H NUL 032 040 20H SP 
001 001 01H SOH 033 041 21H ! 
002 002 02H STX 034 042 22H " 
003 003 03H ETX 035 043 23H # 
004 004 04H EOT 036 044 24H $ 
005 005 05H ENQ 037 045 25H % 
006 006 06H ACK 038 046 26H & 
007 007 07H BEL 039 047 27H ' 
008 010 08H BS 040 050 28H ( 
009 011 09H HT 041 051 29H ) 
010 012 0AH LF 042 052 2AH * 
011 013 0BH VT 043 053 2BH + 
012 014 0CH FF 044 054 2CH , 
013 015 0DH CR 045 055 2DH - 
014 016 0EH SO 046 056 2EH . 
015 017 0FH SI 047 057 2FH / 
016 020 10H DLE 048 060 30H 0 
017 021 11H DC1 049 061 31H 1 
018 022 12H DC2 050 062 32H 2 
019 023 13H DC3 051 063 33H 3 
020 024 14H DC4 052 064 34H 4 
021 025 15H NAK 053 065 35H 5 
022 026 16H SYN 054 066 36H 6 
023 027 17H ETB 055 067 37H 7 
024 030 18H CAN 056 070 38H 8 
025 031 19H EM 057 071 39H 9 
026 032 1AH SUB 058 072 3AH : 
027 033 1BH ESC 059 073 3BH ; 
028 034 1CH FS 060 074 3CH < 
029 035 1DH GS 061 075 3DH = 
030 036 1EH RS 062 076 3EH > 
031 037 1FH US 063 077 3FH ? 


Dec=Decimal, Oct=Octal, Hex=Hexadecimal(H), Chr=Character, LF=Line feed
FF=Form feed, CR=Carriage return, DEL=Rubout

  73

        

Appendix C

Appendix C (continued)

Dec Oct Hex Chr Dec Oct Hex Chr 

064 100 40H @ 096 140 60H ` 
065 101 41H A 097 141 61H a 
066 102 42H B 098 142 62H b 
067 103 43H C 099 143 63H c 
068 104 44H D 100 144 64H d 
069 105 45H E 101 145 65H e 
070 106 46H F 102 146 66H f 
071 107 47H G 103 147 67H g 
072 110 48H H 104 150 68H h 
073 111 49H I 105 151 69H i 
074 112 4AH J 106 152 6AH j 
075 113 4BH K 107 153 6BH k 
076 114 4CH L 108 154 6CH l 
077 115 4DH M 109 155 6DH m 
078 116 4EH N 110 156 6EH n 
079 117 4FH O 111 157 6FH o 
080 120 50H P 112 160 70H p 
081 121 51H Q 113 161 71H q 
082 122 52H R 114 162 72H r 
083 123 53H S 115 163 73H s 
084 124 54H T 116 164 74H t 
085 125 55H U 117 165 75H u 
086 126 56H V 118 166 76H v 
087 127 57H W 119 167 77H w 
088 130 58H X 120 170 78H x 
089 131 59H Y 121 171 79H y 
090 132 5AH Z 122 172 7AH z 
091 133 5BH [ 123 173 7BH { 
092 134 5CH \ 124 174 7CH | 
093 135 5DH ] 125 175 7DH } 
094 136 5EH ^ 126 176 7EH ~ 
095 137 5FH - 127 177 7FH DEL 


Dec=Decimal, Oct=Octal, Hex=Hexadecimal(H), Chr=Character, LF=Line feed
FF=Form feed, CR=Carriage return, DEL=Rubout

  74
     Appendix D

Assembly Language
(Machine Code) Subroutines


This appendix is written primarily for users experienced in assembly language
programming.

GW-BASIC lets you interface with assembly language subroutines by using the
USR function and the CALL statement.

The USR function allows assembly language subroutines to be called in the
same way GW-BASIC intrinsic functions are called. However, the CALL statement
is recommended for interfacing machine language programs with GW-BASIC. The
CALL statement is compatible with more languages than the USR function call,
produces more readable source code, and can pass multiple arguments.

D.1 Memory Allocation

Memory space must be set aside for an assembly language (or machine code)
subroutine before it can be loaded. There are three recommended ways to set
aside space for assembly language routines:

 o Specify an array and use VARPTR to locate the start of the array
 before every access.

 o Use the /m switch in the command line. Get GW-BASIC's Data segment
 (DS), and add the size of DS to reference the reserved space above the
 data segment.

 o Execute a .COM file that stays resident, and store a pointer to it in an
 unused interrupt vector location.

There are three recommended ways to load assembly language routines:

75

        

        
Appendix D

 o BLOAD the file. Use DEBUG to load in an .EXE file that is in high
 memory, run GW-BASIC, and BSAVE the .EXE file.

 o Execute a .COM file that contains the routines. Save the pointer to
 these routines in unused interrupt-vector locations, so that your appli-
 cation in GW-BASIC can get the pointer and use the routine(s).

 o Place the routine into the specified area.

If, when an assembly language subroutine is called, more stack space is needed,
GW-BASIC stack space can be saved, and a new stack set up for use by the
assembly language subroutine. The GW-BASIC stack space must be restored, how-
ever, before returning from the subroutine.

D.2 CALL Statement

CALL variablename[(arguments)]

variablename contains the offset in the current segment of the subroutine being
called.

arguments are the variables or constants, separated by commas, that are to be
passed to the routine.

For each parameter in arguments, the 2-byte offset of the parameter's location
within the data segment (DS) is pushed onto the stack.

The GW-BASIC return address code segment (CS), and offset (IP) are pushed onto
the stack.

A long call to the segment address given in the last DEF SEG statement and
the offset given in variablename transfers control to the user's routine.

The stack segment (SS), data segment (DS), extra segment (ES), and the stack
pointer (SP) must be preserved.

76

        

        

  Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines

Figure D.1 shows the state of the stack at the time of the CALL statement:

    Figure 1
 Figure D.1 Stack Layout When the CALL Statement is Activated
not shown

The user's routine now has control. Parameters may be referenced by moving
the stack pointer (SP) to the base pointer (BP) and adding a positive offset to
BP.

Upon entry, the segment registers DS, ES, and SS all point to the address of
the
segment that contains the GW-BASIC interpreter code. The code segment register
CS contains the latest value supplied by DEF SEG. If no DEF SEG has been
specified, it then points to the same address as DS, ES, and SS (the default
DEF
SEG).

77

        

        
Appendix D

Figure D.2 shows the condition of the stack during execution of the called sub-
routine:

  Figure 2
 Figure D.2 Stack Layout During Execution of a CALL Statement
not shown

The following seven rules must be observed when coding a subroutine:

 1. The called routine may destroy the contents of the AX, BX, CX, DX, SI,
 DI, and BP registers. They do not require restoration upon return to
 GW-BASIC. However, all segment registers and the stack pointer must be
 restored. Good programming practice dictates that interrupts enabled
 or disabled be restored to the state observed upon entry.

78

        

        

  Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines

 2. The called program must know the number and length of the parame-
 ters passed. References to parameters are positive offsets added to BP,
 assuming the called routine moved the current stack pointer into BP;
 that is, MOV BP,SP. When 3 parameters are passed, the location of PO
 is at BP+10, P1 is at BP+8, and P2 is at BP+6.

 3. The called routine must do a RETURN n (n is two times the number of
 parameters in the argument list) to adjust the stack to the start of the
 calling sequence. Also, programs must be defined by a PROC FAR
 statement.

 4. Values are returned to GW-BASIC by including in the argument list the
 variable name that receives the result.

 5. If the argument is a string, the parameter offset points to three bytes
 called the string descriptor. Byte 0 of the string descriptor contains the
 length of the string (0 to 255). Bytes 1 and 2, respectively, are the lower
 and upper eight bits of the string starting address in string space.


 Note

 The called routine must not change the contents of any of the three
 bytes of the string descriptor.



 6. Strings may be altered by user routines, but their length must not be
 changed. GW-BASIC cannot correctly manipulate strings if their lengths
 are modified by external routines.

 7. If the argument is a string literal in the program, the string descriptor
 points to program text. Be careful not to alter or destroy your program
 this way. To avoid unpredictable results, add +"" to the string literal in
 the program. For example, the following line forces the string literal to
 be copied into string space allocated outside of program memory space:

 20 A$="BASIC"+""

 The string can then be modified without affecting the program.

  
Examples:

100 DEF SEG=&H2000
110 ACC=&H7FA

79

        

        

Appendix D

120 CALL ACC(A,B$,C)
.
.
.

Line 100 sets the segment to 2000 hex. The value of variable ACC is added into
the address as the low word after the DEF SEG value is left-shifted four bits
(this is a function of the microprocessor, not of GW-BASIC). Here, ACC is set
to
&H7FA, so that the call to ACC executes the subroutine at location 2000:7FA
hex.

Upon entry, only 16 bytes (eight words) remain available within the allocated
stack space. If the called program requires additional stack space, then the
user program must reset the stack pointer to a new allocated space. Be sure to
restore the stack pointer adjusted to the start of the calling sequence on
return to GW-BASIC.

The following assembly language sequence demonstrates access of the parame-
ters passed and storage of a return result in the variable C.


Note

 The called program must know the variable type for numeric parameters
 passed. In these examples, the following instruction copies only two bytes:

 MOVSW

 This is adequate if variables A and C are integer. It would be necessary to
 copy four bytes if they were single precision, or copy eight bytes if they
were
 double precision.


MOV BP,SP Gets the current stack position in BP
MOV BX,8[BP] Gets the address of B$ description
MOV CL,[BX] Gets the length of B$ in CL
MOV DX,1[BX] Gets the address of B$ string descriptor in DX
MOV SI,10[BP] Gets the address of A in SI
MOV DI,6[BP] Gets the pointer to C in DI
MOVSW Stores variable A in 'C'
RET 6 Restores stack; returns

80

        

        

   
  Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines

D.3 USR Function Calls

Although the CALL statement is the recommended way of calling assembly
language subroutines, the USR function call is still available for
compatibility
with previously-written programs.

Syntax:

USR[n](argument)

n is a number from 0 to 9 which specifies the USR routine being called (see DEF
USR statement). If n is omitted, USR0 is assumed.

argument is any numeric or string expression.

In GW-BASIC a DEF SEG statement should be executed prior to a USR function
call to ensure that the code segment points to the subroutine being called. The
segment address given in the DEF SEG statement determines the starting seg-
ment of the subroutine.

For each USR function call, a corresponding DEF USR statement must have
been executed to define the USR function call offset. This offset and the
currently active DEF SEG address determine the starting address of the subrou-
tine.

When the USR function call is made, register AL contains the number type flag
(NTF), which specifies the type of argument given. The NTF value may be one
of the following:

NTF Value  Specifies

2 a two-byte integer (two's complement format)

3 a string

4 a single-precision floating point number

8 a double-precision floating point number

If the argument of a USR function call is a number (AL<>73), the value of the
argument is placed in the floating-point accumulator (FAC). The FAC is 8 bytes
long and is in the GW-BASIC data segment. Register BX will point at the fifth
byte of the FAC. Figure D.3 shows the representation of all the GW-BASIC
number types in the FAC:

  
81

        

        
Appendix D

  Figure 3
 Figure D.3 Number Types in the Floating Point Accumulator
not shown

If the argument is a single-precision floating-point number:

o BX+3 is the exponent, minus 128. The binary point is to the left of the most
 significant bit of the mantissa.

o BX+2 contains the highest seven bits of mantissa with leading 1 suppressed
 (implied). Bit 7 is the sign of the number (0=positive, 1=negative).

o BX+1 contains the middle 8 bits of the mantissa.

o BX+0 contains the lowest 8 bits of the mantissa.

If the argument is an integer:

o BX+1 contains the upper eight bits of the argument.

o BX+0 contains the lower eight bits of the argument.

If the argument is a double-precision floating-point number:

o BX+0 through BX+3 are the same as for single precision floating point.

o BX-1 to BX-4 contain four more bytes of mantissa. BX-4 contains the lowest
 eight bits of the mantissa.

  82

        

        

  Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines

If the argument is a string (indicated by the value 3 stored in the AL
register)
the (DX) register pair points to three bytes called the string descriptor. Byte
0 of the string descriptor contains the length of the string (0 to 255). Bytes
1 and 2, respectively, are the lower- and upper-eight bits of the string
starting address in the GW-BASIC data segment.

If the argument is a string literal in the program, the string descriptor
points to program text. Be careful not to alter or destroy programs this way
(see the
preceding CALL statement).

Usually, the value returned by a USR function call is the same type (integer,
string, single precision, or double precision) as the argument that was passed
to it. The registers that must be preserved are the same as in the CALL
statement.

A far return is required to exit the USR subroutine. The returned value must be
stored in the FAC.

D.4 Programs That Call
 Assembly Language Programs

This section contains two sample GW-BASIC programs that

o load an assembly language routine to add two numbers together

o return the sum into memory

o remain resident in memory

The code segment and offset to the first routine is stored in interrupt vector
at 0:100H.

Example 1 calls an assembly language subroutine:

Example 1

10 DEF SEG=0
100 CS=PEEK(&H102)+PEEK(&H103)*256
200 OFFSET=PEEK(&H100)+PEEK(&H101)*256
250 DEF SEG

83

        

        

Appendix D

300 C1%=2:C2%=3:C3%=0
400 TWOSUM=OFFSET
500 DEF SEG=CS
600 CALL TWOSUM(C1%,C2%,C3%)
700 PRINT C3%
800 END

The assembly language subroutine called in the above program must be assem-
bled, linked, and converted to a .COM file. The program, when executed prior
to the running of the GW-BASIC program, will remain in memory until the system
power is turned off, or the system is rebooted.

0100 org 100H
0100 double segment
 assume cs:double
0100 EB 17 90 start: jmp start1
0103 usrprg proc far
0103 55 push bp
0104 8B EC mov bp,sp
0106 8B 76 08 mov si,[bp]+8 ;get address of
                            ;parameter b
0109 8B 04 mov ax,[si] ;get value of b
010B 8B 76 0A mov si,[bp]+10 ;get address of
                            ;parameter a
010E 03 04 add ax,[si] ;add value of
                            ;a to value of
                            ;b
0110 8B 7E 06 mov di,[bp]+6 ;get address of
                            ;parameter c
0113 89 05 mov di,ax ;store sum in 
                            ;parameter c

0115 5D pop bp
0116 ca 0006 ret 6
0119 usrprg endp
                            ;
                            ;Program to put procedure 
                            ;in memory and remain 
                            ;resident. The offset and 
                            ;segment are stored in 
                            ;location 100-103H.
0119 start1:
0119 B8 0000 mov ax,0
011C 8E D8 mov ds,ax ;data segment to 0000H
011E BB 0100 mov bx,0100H ;pointer to int vector 100H
0121 83 7F 02 0 cmp word ptr [bx],0
0125 75 16 jne quit ;program
                            ;already run,
                            ;exit

 84

        

  Assembly Language (Machine Code) Subroutines

0127 83 3F 00 cmp word ptr2 [bx],0
012A 75 11 jne quit ;program
                            ;already run,
                            ;exit
012C B8 0103 R mov ax,offset usrprg
012F 89 07 mov [bx],ax ;program offset
0131 8C c8 mov ax,cs
0133 89 47 02 mov [bx+2],ax ;data segment
0136 0E push cs
0137 1F pop ds
0138 BA 0141 R mov dx,offset veryend
013B CD 27 int 27h
013D quit:
013D CD 20 int 20h
013F veryend:
013F double ends
 end start

Example 2 places the assembly language subroutine in the specified area:

Example 2

10 I=0:JC=0
100 DIM A%(23)
150 MEM%=VARPTR(A%(1))
200 FOR I=1 TO 23
300 READ JC
400 POKE MEM%,JC
450 MEM%=MEM%+1
500 NEXT
600 C1%=2:C2%=3:C3%=0
700 TWOSUM=VARPTR(A%(1))
800 CALL TWOSUM(C1%,C2%,C3%)
900 PRINT C3%
950 END
1000 DATA &H55,&H8b,&Hec &H8b,&H76,&H08,&H8b,&H04,&H8b,&H76
1100 DATA &H0a,&H03,&H04,&H8b,&H7e,&H06,&H89,&H05,&H5d
1200 DATA &Hca,&H06,&H00

85Appendix E

Converting BASIC
Programs to GW-BASIC


Programs written in a BASIC language other than GW-BASIC may require some
minor adjustments before they can be run. The following sections describe these
adjustments.

E.1 String Dimensions

Delete all statements used to declare the length of strings. A statement such
as
the following:

DIM A$(I,J)

which dimensions a string array for J elements of length I, should be converted
to the following statement:

DIM A$(J)

Some GW-BASIC languages use a comma or ampersand (&) for string concatena-
tion. Each of these must be changed to a plus sign (+), which is the operator
for GW-BASIC string concatenation.

In GW-BASIC, the MID$, RIGHT$, and LEFT$ functions are used to take sub-
strings of strings. Forms such as A$(I) to access the Ith character in A$, or
A$(I,J) to take a substring of A$ from position I to position J, must be
changed
as follows:

 Other BASIC:  GW-BASIC:
 
 X$=A$(I) X$=MID$(A$,I,1)

 X$=A$(I,J) X$=MID$(A$,I,J-I+1)

87

        

Appendix D        

If the substring reference is on the left side of an assignment, and X$ is used
to replace characters in A$, convert as follows:

 Other BASIC:  GW-BASIC:
 
 A$(I)=X$ MID$(A$,I,1)=X$

 A$(I,J)=X$ MID$(A$,I,J-I+1)=X$

E.2 Multiple Assignments

Some GW-BASIC languages allow statements of the following form to set B and C
equal to zero:

10 LET B=C=0

GW-BASIC would interpret the second equal sign as a logical operator and set B
equal to -1 if C equaled 0. Convert this statement to two assignment state-
ments:

10 C=0:B=0

E.3 Multiple Statements

Some GW-BASIC languages use a backslash (\) to separate multiple statements on
a line. With GW-BASIC, be sure all elements on a line are separated by a colon
(:).

E.4 MAT Functions

Programs using the MAT functions available in some GW-BASIC languages must
be rewritten using FOR-NEXT loops to execute properly.

  88

        

        

  Converting BASIC Programs to GW-BASIC

E.5 FOR-NEXT Loops

Some GW-BASIC languages will always execute a FOR-NEXT loop once, regard-
less of the limits. GW-BASIC checks the limits first and does not execute the
loop if past limits.

89

        Appendix F
Communications


This appendix describes the GW-BASIC statements necessary to support RS-232
asynchronous communications with other computers and peripheral devices.

F.1 Opening Communications Files

The OPEN COM statement allocates a buffer for input and output in the same
manner as the OPEN statement opens disk files.

F.2 Communications I/O

Since the communications port is opened as a file, all I/O statements valid for
disk files are valid for COM.

COM sequential input statements are the same as those for disk files:

INPUT# 
LINE INPUT# 
INPUT$ 

COM sequential output statements are the same as those for diskette:

PRINT#
PRINT# USING

See the GW-BASIC User's Reference for more information on these statements.

  91

        

        

Appendix F

F.3 The COM I/O Functions

The most difficult aspect of asynchronous communications is processing charac-
ters as quickly as they are received. At rates above 2400 baud (bps), it is
necessary to suspend character transmission from the host long enough for the
receiver to catch up. This can be done by sending XOFF (CTRL-S) to the host to
temporarily suspend transmission, and XON (CTRL-Q) to resume, if the applica-
tion supports it.

GW-BASIC provides three functions which help to determine when an overrun
condition is imminent:

 

 LOC(x) Returns the number of characters in the input queue
 waiting to be read. The input queue can hold more
 than 255 characters (determined by the /c: switch). If
 there are more than 255 characters in the queue,
 LOC(x) returns 255. Since a string is limited to 255
 characters, this practical limit alleviates the need for
 the programmer to test for string size before reading
 data into it.

 LOF(x) Returns the amount of free space in the input queue;
 that is

 /c:(size)-number of characters in the input queue

 LOF may be used to detect when the input queue is
 reaching storage capacity.

 EOF(x) True (-1), indicates that the input queue is empty.
 False (0) is returned if any characters are waiting to
 be read.

F.4 Possible Errors:

A "Communications buffer overflow" error occurs if a read is attempted after
the input queue is full (that is, LOC(x) returns 0).

A "Device I/O" error occurs if any of the following line conditions are
detected
on receive: overrun error (OE), framing error (FE), or break interrupt (BI).
The
error is reset by subsequent inputs, but the character causing the error is
lost.

  92

        

        

  Communications

A "Device fault" error occurs if data set ready (DSR) is lost during I/O.

A "Parity error" occurs if the PE (parity enable) option was used in the OPEN
COM statement and incorrect parity was received.

F.5 The INPUT$ Function

The INPUT$ function is preferred over the INPUT and LINE INPUT state-
ments for reading COM files, because all ASCII characters may be significant in
communications. INPUT is least desirable because input stops when a comma or
an enter is seen. LINE INPUT terminates when an enter is seen.

INPUT$ allows all characters read to be assigned to a string.

INPUT$ returns x characters from the y file. The following statements then are
most efficient for reading a COM file:

10 WHILE NOT EOF(1)
20 A$=INPUT$(LOC(1),#1)
30 ...
40 ... Process data returned in A$ ...
50 ...
60 WEND

This sequence of statements translates: As long as something is in the input
queue, return the number of characters in the queue and store them in A$. If
there are more than 255 characters, only 255 are returned at a time to prevent
string overflow. If this is the case, EOF(1) is false, and input continues
until the input queue is empty.

93

        

        

Appendix F

GET and PUT Statements for COM Files

Purpose:

To allow fixed-length I/O for COM.

Syntax:

GET filenumber, nbytes PUT filenumber, nbytes

Comments:

filenumber is an integer expression returning a valid file number.

nbytes is an integer expression returning the number of bytes to be transferred
into or out of the file buffer. nbytes cannot exceed the value set by the /s:
switch when GW-BASIC was invoked.

Because of the low performance associated with telephone line communications,
it is recommended that GET and PUT not be used in such applications.

Example:

The following TTY sample program is an exercise in communications I/O. It is
designed to enable your computer to be used as a conventional terminal. Besides
full-duplex communications with a host, the TTY program allows data to be
downloaded to a file. Conversely, a file may be uploaded (transmitted) to
another machine.

In addition to demonstrating the elements of asynchronous communications, this
program is useful for transferring GW-BASIC programs and data to and from a
computer.


Note

 This program is set up to communicate with a DEC (R)  SYSTEM-20 especially
 in the use of XON and XOFF. It may require modification to communicate
 with other types of hardware.



  94

        

        

  Communications

F.6 The TTY Sample Program

10 SCREEN 0,0:WIDTH 80
15 KEY OFF:CLS:CLOSE
20 DEFINT A-Z
25 LOCATE 25,1
30 PRINT STRING$(60," ")
40 FALSE=0:TRUE=NOT FALSE
50 MENU=5 'Value of MENU Key (^E)
60 XOFF$=CHR$(19):XON$=CHR$(17)
100 LOCATE 25,1:PRINT "Async TTY Program";
110 LOCATE 1,1:LINE INPUT "Speed?";"SPEED$
120 COMFIL$="COM1:,+SPEED$+",E,7"
130 OPEN COMFIL$ AS #1
140 OPEN "SCRN:"FOR OUTPUT AS #3
200 PAUSE=FALSE
210 A$=INKEY$:IF A$=""THEN 230
220 IF ASC(A$)=MENU THEN 300 ELSE PRINT #1,A$;
230 IF EOF(1) THEN 210
240 IF LOC(1)>128 THEN PAUSE=TRUE:PRINT #1,XOFF$;
250 A$=INPUT$(LOC(1),#1)
260 PRINT #3,A$;:IF LOC(1)>0 THEN 240
270 IF PAUSE THEN PAUSE=FALSE:PRINT #1,XON$;
280 GOTO 210
300 LOCATE 1,1:PRINT STRING$(30,32):LOCATE 1,1
310 LINE INPUT "FILE?";DSKFIL$
400 LOCATE 1,1:PRINT STRING$(30,32):LOCATE 1,1
410 LINE INPUT"(T)ransmit or (R)eceive?";TXRX$
420 IF TXRX$="T" THEN OPEN DSKFIL$ FOR INPUT AS #2:GOTO 1000
430 OPEN DSKFIL$ FOR OUTPUT AS #2
440 PRINT #1,CHR$(13);
500 IF EOF(1) THEN GOSUB 600
510 IF LOC(1)>128 THEN PAUSE=TRUE:PRINT #1,XOFF$;
520 A$=INPUT$(LOC(1),#1)
530 PRINT #2,A$;:IF LOC(1)>0 THEN 510
540 IF PAUSE THEN PAUSE=FALSE:PRINT #1,XON$;
550 GOTO 500
600 FOR I=1 TO 5000
610 IF NOT EOF(1) THEN I=9999
620 NEXT I
630 IF I>9999 THEN RETURN
640 CLOSE #2;CLS:LOCATE 25,10:PRINT "* Download complete *";
650 RETURN 200
1000 WHILE NOT EOF(2)
1010 A$=INPUT$(1,#2)
1020 PRINT #1,A$;
1030 WEND
1040 PRINT #1,CHR$(28);^Z to make close file.

95

Appendix F        

1050 CLOSE #2:CLS:LOCATE 25,10:PRINT "** Upload complete **";
1060 GOTO 200
9999 CLOSE:KEY ON

F.7 Notes on the TTY Sample Program


Note

 Asynchronous implies character I/O as opposed to line or block I/O. There-
 fore, all prints (either to the COM file or screen) are terminated with a
 semicolon (;). This retards the return line feed normally issued at the end of
 the PRINT statement.


 Line Number  Comments
 
 10 Sets the SCREEN to black and white alpha
 mode and sets the width to 80.

 15 Turns off the soft key display, clears the screen,
 and makes sure that all files are closed.

 20 Defines all numeric variables as integer, primarily
 for the benefit of the subroutine at 600-620. Any
 program looking for speed optimization should
 use integer counters in loops where possible.

 40 Defines boolean true and false.

 50 Defines the ASCII (ASC) value of the MENU key.

 60 Defines the ASCII XON and XOFF characters.

 100-130 Prints program ID and asks for baud rate
 (speed). Opens communications to file number 1,
 even parity, 7 data bits.

 200-280 This section performs full-duplex I/O between
 the video screen and the device connected to the
 RS-232 connector as follows:

 96

        

        

  Communications

 1. Read a character from the keyboard into A$.
 INKEY$ returns a null string if no character
 is waiting.
 
 2. If a keyboard character is available, waiting,
 then:

 If the character is the MENU key, the opera-
 tor is ready to down-load a file. Get filename.

 If the character (A$) is not the MENU key
 send it by writing to the communications file
 (PRINT #1...).

 3. If no character is waiting, check to see if any
 characters are being received.

 4. At 230, see if any characters are waiting in
 COM buffer. If not, go back and check the
 keyboard.

 5. At 240, if more than 128 characters are wait-
 ing, set PAUSE flag to indicate that input is
 being suspended. Send XOFF to host, stop-
 ping further transmission.

 6. At 250-260, read and display contents of
 COM buffer on screen until empty. Continue
 to monitor size of COM buffer (in 240).
 Suspend transmission if reception falls
 behind.

 7. Resume host transmission by sending XON
 only if suspended by previous XOFF.

 8. Repeat process until the MENU key is pressed.

 300-320 Get disk filename to be down-loaded to. Open
 the file as number 2.

 400-420 Asks if file named is to be transmitted (up-
 loaded) or received (down-loaded).

 430 Receive routine. Sends a RETURN to the host to
 begin the down-load. This program assumes that
 the last command sent to the host was to begin
 such a transfer and was missing only the ter-
 minating return. If a DEC system is the host,
 such a command might be

97

        

        

  Appendix F

 COPY TTY:=MANUAL.MEM (MENU Key)

 if the MENU key was struck instead of RETURN.

 500 When no more characters are being received,
 (LOC(x) returns 0), then performs a timeout rou-
 tine.

 510 If more than 128 characters are waiting, signal a
 pause and send XOFF to the host.

 520-530 Read all characters in COM queue (LOC(x)) and
 write them to diskette (PRINT #2...) until recep-
 tion is caught up to transmission.

 540-550 If a pause is issued, restart host by sending XON
 and clearing the pause flag. Continue the process
 until no characters are received for a predeter-
 mined time.

 600-650 Time-out subroutine. The FOR loop count was
 determined by experimentation. If no character is
 received from the host for 17-20 seconds,
 transmission is assumed complete. If any charac-
 ter is received during this time (line 610), then
 set n well above the FOR loop range to exit loop
 and return to caller. If host transmission is com-
 plete, close the disk file and resume regular
 activities.

 1000-1060 Transmit routine. Until end of disk file, read one
 character into A$ with INPUT$ statement. Send
 character to COM device in 1020. Send a ^Z at
 end of file in 1040 in case receiving device needs
 one to close its file. Lines 1050 and 1060 close
 disk file, print completion message, and go back
 to conversation mode in line 200.

 9999 Presently not executed. As an exercise, add some
 lines to the routine 400-420 to exit the program
 via line 9999. This line closes the COM file left
 open and restores the function key display.

  98

              

Appendix G
Hexadecimal Equivalents


Table G.1 lists decimal and binary equivalents to hexadecimal values.

Table G.1

Decimal and Binary Equivalents to Hexadecimal Values


Hexadecimal   Equals     Equals 
Value         Decimal:   Binary: 


0  0  0000 
1  1  0001 
2  2  0010 
3  3  0011 
4  4  0100 
5  5  0101 
6  6  0110 
7  7  0111 
8  8  1000 
9  9  1001 
A  10  1010 
B  11  1011 
C  12  1100 
D  13  1101 
E  14  1110 
F  15  1111 

  99

        
     
Appendix G

Table G.2 lists decimal equivalents to hexadecimal values.

Table G.2

Decimal Equivalents to Hexadecimal Values


Hexadecimal   Equals    Hexadecimal  Equals 
Value         Decimal:  Value:       Decimal: 


0  0  80  128 
1  1  .   
2  2  .   
3  3  .   
4  4  90  144 
5  5  .   
6  6  .   
7  7  .   
8  8  A0  160 
9  9  .   
A  10   .   
B  11   .   
C  12   B0  176 
D  13   .   
E  14   .   
F  15   .   
10  16  C0  192 
11  17  .   
12  18  .   
13  19  .   
14  20  D0  208 
15  21  .   
16  22  .   
17  23  .   
18  24  E0  224 
19  25  .   
1A  26  .   
1B  27  .   
1C  28  F0  240 
1D  29  100  256 
1E  30  200  512 
1F  31  300  768 
20  32  400  1024 
.  .  500  1280 
.  .  600  1536 
.  .  700  1792 

 

  100

        

        

  Hexadecimal Equivalents

Table G.2 (continued)


Hexadecimal   Equals    Hexadecimal  Equals 
Value         Decimal:  Value:       Decimal: 


30  48  800  2048 
.  .  900  2304 
.  .  A00  2560 
.  .  B00  2816 
40  64  C00  3072 
.  .  D00  3328 
.  .  E00  3584 
.  .  F00  3840 
50  80  1000  4096 
.  .  2000  8192 
.  .  3000  12288 
.  .  4000  16384 
60  96  5000  20480 
.  .  6000  24576 
.  .  7000  28672 
.  .  8000  32768 
70  112  9000  36864 
.  .  A000  40960 
.  .  B000  45056 
.  .  C000  49152 
    D000  53248 
    E000  57344 
    F000  61440 


101

              

Appendix H

Key Scan Codes


Keytop Legend    Scancode 
 

ESC  01 
1/!  02 
2/@  03 
3/#  04 
     05 
5/%  06 
6/^  07 
7/&  08 
8/*  09 
9/(  0A 
0/)  0B 
-/_  0C 
=/+  0D 
BACKSPACE  0E 
TAB  0F 
Q  10 
W  11 
E  12 
R  13 
T  14 
Y  15 
U  16 
I  17 
O  18 
P  19 
[/{  1A 
]/}  1B 
ENTER  1C 
CTRL  1D 
A  1E 
S  1F 
D  20 
F  21 
G  22 
H  23 
J  24 

  103

        

        

K  25 
L  26 
;/:  27 
'/"  28 
'/~  29 
Left SHIFT  2A 
/|  2B 
Z  2C 
X  2D 
C  2E 
V  2F 
B  30 
N  31 
M  32 
,/<  33 
//?  35 
Right SHIFT  36 
*/PRTSC  37 
ALT  38 
SPACEBAR  39 
CAPS LOCK  3A 
F1  3B 
F2  3C 
F3  3D 
F4  3E 
F5  3F 
F6  40 
F7  41 
F8  42 
F9  43 
F10  44 
NUM LOCK  45 
SCROLL LOCK  46 
7/HOME  47 
8/CURSOR UP  48 
9/PGUP  49 

  Key Scan Codes

Keytop Legend    Scancode 

-  4A 
4/CURSOR LEFT  4B 
5  4C 
6/CURSOR RIGHT  4D 
+  4E 
1/END  4F 
2/CURSOR DOWN  50 
3/PGDN  51 
0/INS  52 
./DEL  53

10

Appendix I

Characters Recognized by GW-BASIC


The GW-BASIC character set includes all characters that are legal in GW-BASIC
commands, statements, functions, and variables. The set comprises alphabetic,
numeric, and special characters.

The alphabetic characters in GW-BASIC are the uppercase and lowercase letters
of the alphabet.

The numeric characters in GW-BASIC are the digits 0 through 9.

The following special characters and terminal keys are recognized by GW-BASIC:

 Character  Description
 
   Blank.

 = Equal sign or assignment symbol.

 + Plus sign or string concatenation.

 - Minus sign.

 * Asterisk or multiplication symbol.

 / Slash or division symbol.

 ^ Caret, exponentiation symbol, or CTRL key.

 ( Left parenthesis.

 ) Right parenthesis.

 % Percent or integer declaration.

 # Number sign or double-precision declaration.

 $ Dollar sign or string declaration.

 ! Exclamation point or single-precision declaration.

  107

        


 [ Left bracket.

 ] Right bracket.

 , Comma.

 "" Double quotation marks or string delimiter.

 . Period, dot, or decimal point.

 ' Single quotation mark, apostrophe, or remark indica-
 tor.

 ; Semicolon or carriage return suppressor.

 : Colon or line statement delimiter.

 & Ampersand or descriptor for hexadecimal and octal
 number conversion.

 ? Question mark.

 < Less than symbol.

 > Greater than symbol.

 \ Backslash or integer division symbol.

 @ "At" sign.

 _ Underscore.

 BACKSPACE Deletes last character typed.

 ESC Erases the current logical line from the screen.

 TAB Moves print position to next tab stop. Tab stops are
 every eight columns.

 CURSOR Moves cursor to next physical line.

 RETURN Terminates input to a line and moves cursor to begin-
 ning of the next line, or executes statement in direct
 mode.

  108

        Glossary


abend

 An acronym for abnormal end of task. An abend is the termination of com-
 puter processing on a job or task prior to its completion because of an error
 condition that cannot be resolved by programmed recovery procedures.

access

 The process of seeking, reading, or writing data on a storage unit.

access methods

 Techniques and programs used to move data between main memory and
 input/output devices.

accuracy

 The degree of freedom from error. Accuracy is often confused with precision,
 which refers to the degree of preciseness of a measurement.

acronym

 A word formed by the initial letters of words or by initial letters plus parts
 of several words. Acronyms are widely used in computer technology. For
 example, COBOL is an acronym for COmmon Business Oriented Language.

active partition

 A section of the computer's memory that houses the operating system being
 used.

address

 A name, label, or number identifying a register, location or unit where infor-
 mation is stored.

algebraic language

 A language whose statements are structured to resemble the structure of
 algebraic expression. Fortran is a good example of an algebraic language.

  109

        

        

Glossary

algorithm

 A set of well-defined rules or procedures to be followed in order to obtain
 the solution of a problem in a finite number of steps. An algorithm can
 involve arithmetic, algebraic, logical and other types of procedures and
 instructions. An algorithm can be simple or complex. However, all algo-
 rithms must produce a solution within a finite number of steps. Algorithms
 are fundamental when using a computer to solve problems, because the
 computer must be supplied with a specific set of instructions that yields a
 solution in a reasonable length of time.

alphabetic

 Data representation by alphabetical characters in contrast to numerical;
 the letters of the alphabet.

alphanumeric

 A contraction of the words alphabetic and numeric; a set of characters
 including letters, numerals, and special symbols.

application

 The system or problem to which a computer is applied. Reference is often
 made to an application as being either of the computational type, in which
 arithmetic computations predominate, or of the data processing type, in
 which data handling operations predominate.

application program

 A computer program designed to meet specific user needs.

argument

 1. A type of variable whose value is not a direct function of another
 variable. It can represent the location of a number in a mathemati-
 cal operation, or the number with which a function works to pro-
 duce its results.

 2. A known reference factor that is required to find a desired item
 (function) in a table. For example, in the square root function
 SQRT(X), X is the argument. The value of X determines the square
 root value returned by this function.

  110

        

Algorithm-Asynchronous Communication
        

array

 1. An organized collection of data in which the argument is positioned
 before the function.

 2. A group of items or elements in which the position of each item or
 element is significant. A multiplication table is a good example of
 an array.

ASCII

 Acronym for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. ASCII is
 a standardized 8-bit code used by most computers for interfacing.

 ASCII was developed by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). It
 uses 7 binary bits for information and the 8th bit for parity purposes.

assembler

 A computer program that produces a machine-language program which may
 then be directly executed by the computer.

assembly language

 A symbolic language that is machine-oriented rather than problem-oriented.
 A program in an assembly language is converted by an assembler to a
 machine-language program. Symbols representing storage locations are con-
 verted to numerical storage locations; symbolic operation codes are con-
 verted to numeric operation codes.

asynchronous

 1. Not having a regular time or clocked relationship. See synchronous.

 2. A type of computer operation in which a new instruction is initiated
 when the former instruction is completed. Thus, there is no regular
 time schedule, or clock, with respect to instruction sequence. The
 current instruction must be complete before the next is begun,
 regardless of the length of time the current instruction takes.

asynchronous communication

 A way of transmitting data serially from one device to another, in which
 each transmitted character is preceded by a start bit and followed by a
 stop bit. This is also called start/stop transmission.

111

        

        

Glossary

back-up

 1. A second copy of data on a diskette or other medium, ensuring
 recovery from loss or destruction of the original media.

 2. On-site or remote equipment available to complete an operation in
 the event of primary equipment failure.

BASIC

 Acronym for Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code. BASIC is a
 computer programming language developed at Dartmouth College as an
 instructional tool in teaching fundamental programming concepts. This
 language has since gained wide acceptance as a time-sharing language and
 is considered one of the easiest programming languages to learn.

batch processing

 A method of operating a computer so that a single program or set of related
 programs must be completed before the next type of program is begun.

baud

 A unit of measurement of data processing speed. The speed in bauds is the
 number of signal elements per second. Since a signal element can represent
 more than one bit, baud is not synonymous with bits-per-second. Typical
 baud rates are 110, 300, 1200, 2400, 4800, and 9600.

binary

 1. A characteristic or property involving a choice or condition in which
 there are two possibilities.

 2. A numbering system which uses 2 as its base instead of 10 as in the
 decimal system. The binary system uses only two digits, 0 and 1, in
 its written form.

 3. A device whose design uses only two possible states or levels to per-
 form its functions. A computer executes programs in binary form.

binary digit

 A quantity which is expressed in the binary digits of 0 and 1.

  112

        

        

Back up-Byte

bit

 A contraction of "binary digit". A bit can either be 0 or 1, and is the smal-
 lest unit of information recognizable by a computer.

block

 An amount of storage space or data, of arbitrary length, usually contiguous,
 and often composed of several similar records, all of which are handled as a
 unit.

boolean logic

 A field of mathematical analysis in which comparisons are made. A pro-
 grammed instruction can cause a comparison of two fields of data, and
 modify one of those fields or another field as a result of comparison. This
 system was formulated by British mathematician George Boole (1815-1864).
 Some boolean operators are OR, AND, NOT, XOR, EQV, and IMP.

boot

 A machine procedure that allows a system to begin operations at the
 desired level by means of its own initiation. The first few instructions are
 loaded into a computer from an input device. These instructions allow the
 rest of the system to be loaded. The word boot is abbreviated from the word
 bootstrap.

bps

 Bits per second.

buffer

 A temporary storage area from which data is transferred to or from various
 devices.

built-in clock

 A real-time clock that lets your programs use the time of day and date.
 Built into MS-DOS, it lets you set the timing of a program. It can be used to
 keep a personal calendar, and it automatically measures elapsed time.

byte

 An element of data which is composed of eight data bits plus a parity 
 bit, and represents either one alphabetic or special character, two 
 decimal digits, or eight binary bits. Byte is also used to refer to a

113

        

        

Glossary

 sequence of eight binary digits handled as a unit. It is usually 
 encoded in the ASCII format.

calculation

 A series of numbers and mathematical signs that, when entered into a com-
 puter, is executed according to a series of instructions.

central processor (CPU)

 The heart of the computer system, where data is manipulated and calcula-
 tions are performed. The CPU contains a control unit to interpret and exe-
 cute the program and an arithmetic-logic unit to perform computations and
 logical processes. It also routes information, controls input and output, and
 temporarily stores data.

chaining

 The use of a pointer in a record to indicate the address of another record
 logically related to the first.

character

 Any single letter of the alphabet, numeral, punctuation mark, or other sym-
 bol that a computer can read, write, and store. Character is synonymous
 with the term byte.

COBOL

 Acronym for COmmon Business-Oriented Language, a computer language
 suitable for writing complicated business applications programs. It was
 developed by CODASYL, a committee representing the U. S. Department of
 Defense, certain computer manufacturers, and major users of data process-
 ing equipment. COBOL is designed to express data manipulations and pro-
 cessing problems in English narrative form, in a precise and standard
 manner.

code

 1. To write instructions for a computer system

 2. To classify data according to arbitrary tables

 3. To use a machine language

 4. To program

114

        

        

Calculation-Coprocessor

command

 A pulse, signal, word, or series of letters that tells a computer to start,
 stop, or continue an operation in an instruction. Command is often used 
 incorrectly as a synonym for instruction.

compatible

 A description of data, programs or equipment that can be used between
 different kinds of computers or equipment.

compiler

 A computer program that translates a program written in a problem-
 oriented language into a program of instructions similar to, or in, the
 language of the computer.

  
computer network

 A geographically dispersed configuration of computer equipment connected
 by communication lines and capable of load sharing, distributive processing,
 and automatic communication between the computers within the network.

concatenate

 To join together data sets, such as files, in a series to form one data set,
 such as one new file. The term concatenate literally means "to link
 together." A concatenated data set is a collection of logically connected
 data sets.

configuration

 In hardware, a group of interrelated devices that constitute a system. In
 software, the total of the software modules and their interrelationships.

constant

 A never-changing value or data item.

coprocessor

 A microprocessor device connected to a central microprocessor that per-
 forms specialized computations (such as floating-point arithmetic) much
 more efficiently than the CPU alone.

115

        

        

Glossary

cursor

 A blinking line or box on a computer screen that indicates the next location
 for data entry.

data

 A general term used to signify all the basic information elements that can
 be produced or processed by a computer. See information.

data element

 The smallest named physical data unit.

data file

 A collection of related data records organized in a specific manner. Data
 files contain computer records which contain information, as opposed to
 containing data handling information or a program.

debug

 The process of checking the logic of a computer program to isolate and
 remove mistakes from the program or other software.

default

 An action or value that the computer automatically assumes, unless a
 different instruction or value is given.

delimit

 To establish parameters; to set a minimum and a maximum.

delimiter

 A character that marks the beginning or end of a unit of data on a storage
 medium. Commas, semi-colons, periods, and spaces are used as delimiters to
 separate and organize items of data.

detail file

 A data file composed of records having similar characteristics, but contain-
 ing data which is relatively changeable by nature, such as employee weekly
 payroll data. Compare to master file.

device

 A piece of hardware that can perform a specific function. A printer is an
 example of a device.

 116

        

        

Cursor-End-of-File Mark (EOF)

diagnostic programs

 Special programs used to align equipment or isolate equipment malfunc-
 tions.

directory

 A table that gives the name, location, size, and the creation or last revision
 date for each file on the storage media.

diskette

 A flat, flexible platter coated with magnetic material, enclosed in a protec-
 tive envelope, and used for storage of software and data.

Disk Operating System

 A collection of procedures and techniques that enable the computer to
 operate using a disk drive system for data entry and storage. Disk
 Operating System is usually abbreviated to DOS.

DOS

 The acronym for Disk Operating System. DOS rhymes with "boss."

double-density

 A type of diskette that has twice the storage capacity of standard single-
 density diskettes.

double-precision

 The use of two computer words to represent each number. This technique
 allows the use of twice as many digits as are normally available and is used
 when extra precision is needed in calculations.

double-sided

 A term that refers to a diskette that can contain data on both surfaces of
 the diskette.

drive

 A device that holds and manipulates magnetic media so that the CPU can
 read data from or write data to them.

end-of-file mark (EOF)

 A symbol or machine equivalent that indicates that the last record of a file
 has been read.

117

        

        

Glossary

erase

 To remove or replace magnetized spots from a storage medium.

error message

 An audible or visual indication of hardware or software malfunction or of
 an illegal data-entry attempt.

execute

 To carry out an instruction or perform a routine.

exponent

 A symbol written above a factor and on the right, telling how many times
 the factor is repeated. In the example of A 2 , A is the factor and 2 is the
 exponent. A 2  means A times A (A x A).

extension

 A one-to-three-character set that follows a filename. The extension further
 defines or clarifies the filename. It is separated from the filename by a
 period(.).

field

 An area of a record that is allocated for a specific category of data.

file

 A collection of related data or programs that is treated as a unit by the
 computer.

file protection

 The devices or procedures that prevent unintentional erasure of data on a
 storage device, such as a diskette.

file structure

 A conceptual representation of how data values, records, and files are
 related to each other. The structure usually implies how the data is stored
 and how the data must be processed.

filename

 The unique name, usually assigned by a user, which is used to identify one
 file for all subsequent operations that use that file.

  118

        

        

Erase-Global Search

fixed disk

 A hard disk enclosed in a permanently-sealed housing that protects it from
 environmental interference. Used for storage of data.

floating-point arithmetic

 A method of calculation in which the computer or program automatically
 records, and accounts for, the location of the radix point. The programmer
 need not consider the radix location.

floating-point routine

 A set of program instructions that permits a floating-point mathematics
 operation in a computer which lacks the feature of automatically account-
 ing for the radix point.

format

 A predetermined arrangement of data that structures the storage of infor-
 mation on an external storage device.

function

 A computer action, as defined by a specific instruction. Some GW-BASIC func-
 tions are COS, EOF, INSTR, LEFT$, and TAN.

function keys

 Specific keys on the keyboard that, when pressed, instruct the computer to
 perform a particular operation. The function of the keys is determined by
 the applications program being used.

GIGO

 An informal term that indicates sloppy data processing; an acronym for
 Garbage In Garbage Out. The term GIGO is normally used to make the
 point that if the input data is bad (garbage in) then the output data will
 also be bad (garbage out).

global search

 Used in reference to a variable (character or command), a global search
 causes the computer to locate all occurrences of that variable.

119

        

        

Glossary

graphics

 A hardware/software capability to display objects in pictures, rather than
 words, usually on a graphic (CRT) display terminal with line-drawing capa-
 bility and permitting interaction, such as the use of a light pen.

hard copy

 A printed copy of computer output in a readable form, such as reports,
 checks, or plotted graphs.

hardware

 The physical equipment that comprises a system.

hexadecimal

 A number system with a base, or radix, of 16. The symbols used in this sys-
 tem are the decimal digits 0 through 9 and six additional digits which are
 generally represented as A, B, C, D, E, and F.

hidden files

 Files that cannot be seen during normal directory searches.

hierarchical directories

 See tree-structured directories.

housekeeping functions

 Routine operations that must be performed before the actual processing
 begins or after it is complete.

information

 Facts and knowledge derived from data. The computer operates on and gen-
 erates data. The meaning derived from the data is information. That is,
 information results from data; the two words are not synonymous, although
 they are often used interchangeably.

interpreter

 A program that reads, translates and executes a user's program, such as one
 written in the BASIC language, one line at a time. A compiler, on the other
 hand, reads and translates the entire user's program before executing it.

  120

        

        

Graphics-Logarithm

input

 1. The process or device concerning the entry of data into a computer.

 2. Actual data being entered into a computer.

input/output

 A general term for devices that communicate with a computer.
 Input/output is usually abbreviated as I/O.

instruction

 A program step that tells the computer what to do next. Instruction is often
 used incorrectly as a synonym for command.

integer

 A complete entity, having no fractional part. The whole or natural number.
 For example, 65 is an integer; 65.1 is not.

integrated circuit

 A complete electronic circuit contained in a small semiconductor com-
 ponent.

interface

 An information interchange path that allows parts of a computer, comput-
 ers, and external equipment (such as printers, monitors, or modems), or two
 or more computers to communicate or interact.

I/O

 The acronym for input/output.

job

 A collection of tasks viewed by the computer as a unit.

K

 The symbol signifying the quantity 2 10, which is equal to 1024. K is some-
 times confused with the symbol k, (kilo) which is equal to 1000.

logarithm

 A logarithm of a given number is the value of the exponent indicating 
 the power required to raise a specified constant, known as the base, to 

121

        

        

Glossary

 produce that given number. That is, if B is the base, N is the given 
 number and L is the logarithm, then BL = N. Since 10 3 = 1000, the 
 logarithm to the base 10 of 1000 is 3.

loop

 A series of computer instructions that are executed repeatedly until a
 desired result is obtained or a predetermined condition is met. The ability
 to loop and reuse instructions eliminates countless repetitious instructions
 and is one of the most important attributes of stored programs.

M

 The symbol signifying the quantity 1,000,000 (10 6). When used to denote
 storage, it more precisely refers to 1,048,576 (2 20).

mantissa

 The fractional or decimal part of a logarithm of a number. For example,
 the logarithm of 163 is 2.212. The mantissa is 0.212, and the characteristic
 is 2.0.

 In floating-point numbers, the mantissa is the number part. For example,
 the number 24 can be written as 24,2 where 24 is the mantissa and 2 is the
 exponent. The floating-point number is read as .24 X 10 2, or 2 4.

master file

 A data file composed of records having similar characteristics that rarely
 change. A good example of a master file would be an employee name and
 address file that also contains social security numbers and hiring dates.

media

 The plural of medium.

medium

 The physical material on which data is recorded and stored. Magnetic tape,
 punched cards, and diskettes are examples of media.

memory

 The high-speed work area in the computer where data can be held, copied,
 and retrieved.

  122

        

        

Loop-Operand

menu

 A list of choices from which an operator can select a task or operation to be
 performed by the computer.

microprocessor

 A semiconductor central processing unit (CPU) in a computer.

modem

 Acronym for modulator demodulator. A modem converts data from a com-
 puter to analog signals that can be transmitted through telephone lines, or
 converts the signals from telephone lines into a form the computer can use.

MS-DOS

 Acronym for Microsoft Disk Operating System.

nested programs or subroutines

 A program or subroutine that is incorporated into a larger routine to per-
 mit ready execution or access of each level of the routine. For example,
 nesting loops involves incorporating one loop of instructions into another
 loop.

null

 Empty or having no members. This is in contrast to a blank or zero, which
 indicates the presence of no information. For example, in the number 540,
 zero contains needed information.

numeric

 A reference to numerals as opposed to letters or other symbols.

octal number system

 A representation of values or quantities with octal numbers. The octal
 number system uses eight digits: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, with each
position
 in an octal numeral representing a power of 8. The octal system is used in
 computing as a simple means of expressing binary quantities.

operand

 A quantity or data item involved in an operation. An operand is usually
 designated by the address portion of an instruction, but it may also be a
 result, a parameter, or an indication of the name or location of the next
 instruction to be executed.

123

        

        

Glossary

operating system

 An organized group of computer instructions that manage the overall opera-
 tion of the computer.

operator

 A symbol indicating an operation and itself the subject of the operation. It
 indicates the process that is being performed. For example, + is addition, -
 is subtraction, X is multiplication, and / is division.

option

 An add-on device that expands a system's capabilities.

output

 Computer results, or data that has been processed.

parallel output

 The method by which all bits of a binary word are transmitted simultane-
 ously.

parameter

 A variable that is given a value for a specific program or run. A definable
 characteristic of an item, device, or system.

parity

 An extra-bit of code that is used to detect data errors in memory by mak-
 ing the sum of the active bit in a data word either an odd or an even
 number.

partition

 An area on a fixed disk set aside for a specific purpose, such as a location
 for an operating system.

peripheral

 An external input/output, or storage device.

pixel

 The acronym for picture element. A pixel is a single dot on a monitor that
 can be addressed by a single bit.

  124

        

        

Operating System-Random-Access Memory

port

 The entry channel to and from the central computer for connection of a
 communications line or other peripheral device.

power

 The functional area of a system that transforms an external power source
 into internal DC supply voltage.

program

 A series of instructions or statements in a form acceptable to a computer,
 designed to cause the computer to execute a series of operations. Computer
 programs include software such as operating systems, assemblers, compilers,
 interpreters, data management systems, utility programs, sort-merge pro-
 grams, and maintenance/diagnostic programs, as well as application pro-
 grams such as payroll, inventory control, and engineering analysis programs.

prompt

 A character or series of characters that appear on the screen to request
 input from the user.

RAM

 Acronym for random-access memory.

radian

 The natural unit of measure of the angle between two intersecting half-lines
 on the angles from one half-line to another intersecting half-line. It is the
 angle subtended by an arc of a circle equal in length to the radius of the
 circle. As the circumference of a circle is equal to 2 pi times its radius,
the
 number of radians in an angle of 360 o  or in a complete turn is 2 pi.

radix

 A number that is arbitrarily made the fundamental number of a system of
 numbers; a base. Thus, 10 is the radix, or base, of the common system of
 logarithms, and also of the decimal system of enumeration.

random-access memory

 The system's high-speed work area that provides access to memory 
 storage locations by using a system of vertical and horizontal coordi-
 nates. The computer can write information into or read information 

125
      

        

Glossary

 from the random access memory. Random-access memory is often 
 called RAM.

raster unit

 On a graphic display screen, a raster unit is the horizontal or vertical dis-
 tance between two adjacent addressable points on the screen.

read-only memory

 A type of memory that contains permanent data or instructions. The com-
 puter can read from but not write to the read-only memory. Read-only
 memory is often called ROM.

real number

 An ordinary number, either rational or irrational; a number in which there
 is no imaginary part, a number generated from the single unit, 1; any point
 in a continuum of natural numbers filled in with all rationals and all irra-
 tionals and extended indefinitely, both positive and negative.

real time

 1. The actual time required to solve a problem.

 2. The process of solving a problem during the actual time that a
 related physical process takes place so that results can be used to
 guide the physical process.

remote

 A term used to refer to devices that are located at sites away from the cen-
 tral computer.

reverse video

 A display of characters on a background, opposite of the usual display.

ROM

 Acronym for read-only memory.

RS-232

 A standard communications interface between a modem and terminal dev-
 ices that complies with EIA Standard RS-232.

  126

        

        

Raster Unit-Statement

serial output

 Sending only one bit at a time to and from interconnected devices.

single-density

 The standard recording density of a diskette. Single-density diskettes can
 store approximately 3400 bits per inch (bpi).

single-precision value

 The number of words or storage positions used to denote a number in a
 computer. Single-precision arithmetic is the use of one word per number,
 double-precision arithmetic is the use of two words per number, and so on.
 For variable word-length computers, precision is the number of digits used
 to denote a number. The higher the precision, the greater the number of
 decimal places that can be carried.

single-sided

 A term used to describe a diskette that contains data on one side only.

software

 A string of instructions that, when executed, direct the computer to perform
 certain functions.

stack architecture

 An architecture wherein any portion of the external memory can be used as
 a last-in, first-out stack to store/retrieve the contents of the accumulator,
 the flags, or any of the data registers. Many units contain a 16-bit stack
 pointer to control the addressing of this external stack. One of the major
 advantages of the stack is that multiple-level interrupts can be handled
 easily, since complete system status can be saved when an interrupt occurs
 and then be restored after the interrupt. Another major advantage is that
 almost unlimited subroutine nesting is possible.

statement

 A high-level language instruction to the computer to perform some sequence
 of operations.

127

        

        

Glossary

synchronous

 A type of computer operation in which the execution of each instruction or
 each event is controlled by a clock signal: evenly spaced pulses that enable
 the logic gates for the execution of each logic step. A synchronous operation
 can cause time delays by causing waiting for clock signals although all
 other signals at a particular logic gate were available. See asynchronous.

switch

 An instruction, added to a command, that designates a course of action,
 other than default, for the command process to follow.

syntax

 Rules of statement structure in a programming language.

system

 A collection of hardware, software, and firmware that is interconnected to
 operate as a unit.

task

 A machine run; a program in execution.

toggle

 Alternation of function between two stable states.

track

 A specific area on a moving-storage medium, such as a diskette, disk, or
 tape cartridge, that can be accessed by the drive heads.

tree-structured directory

 A file-organization structure, consisting of directories and subdirectories
 that, when diagrammed, resembles a tree.

truncation

 To end a computation according to a specified rule; for example, to drop
 numbers at the end of a line instead of rounding them off, or to drop char-
 acters at the end of a line when a file is copied.

 128

        

Synchronous-Upgrade

upgrade

 To expand a system by installing options or using revised software.

utility function

 Computer programs, dedicated to one particular task, that are helpful in
 using the computer. For example, FDISK, for setting up partitions on the
 fixed disk.

variable

 A quantity that can assume any of a set of values as a result of processing
 data.

volume label

 The name for the contents of a diskette or a partition on a fixed disk.

word

 The set of bits comprising the largest unit that the computer can handle in
 a single operation.

write-protect notch

 A cut-out opening in the sealed envelope of a diskette that, when covered,
 prevents writing or adding text to the diskette, but allows information to be
 read from the diskette.

12Index


Array
 defined, 52
 size limits, 53
ASCII character codes, 73
Asynchronous, 111

Bad file mode, 67
Bad file number, 67
Bad filename, 68
Bad record number, 68

/c switch, 11
CALL statement
 assembly language interface, 75
 syntax, 76
Can't continue, 65
Command
 defined, 15
 kill, 37
 load, 37
 merge, 37
 name, 37
 run, 37
 save, 37
Communication
 asynchronous
   defined, 111
   support, 91
 GET statement, 94
 I/O functions, 92
 I/O statements, 91
 INPUT$ function, 93
 opening files, 91
 possible errors, 92
 PUT statement, 94
Communication buffer overflow, 69
Constants, numeric
 defined, 49
 double-precision defined, 50
 examples of double-precision, 51
 example of single-precision, 51
 single-precision defined, 50
Constants, numeric
 types of, 49
CTRL-6, 31
CTRL-B, 31
CTRL-BACKSPACE, 31
CTRL-BREAK, 13, 31
CTRL-C, 31
CTRL-E, 32
CTRL-END, 32
CTRL-F, 31
CTRL-G, 32
CTRL-H, 31
CTRL-HOME, 32
CTRL-I, 33
CTRL-J, 32
CTRL-K, 32
CTRL-L, 32
CTRL-l, 31
CTRL-M, 32
CTRL-N, 32
CTRL-NUM LOCK, 33
CTRL-PRTSC, 33
CTRL-R, 32
CTRL-S, 33
CTRL-Z, 13
CTRL-[, 32
CTRL-], 31
CTRL-\, 31
CURSOR-UP, 31

/d switch, 12
Delete a line, 24
Device Fault, 66
Device I/O Error, 68
Device Timeout, 66
Device Unavailable, 69
Direct statement in file, 68
Disk full, 68
Disk media error, 70
Disk not Ready, 70
Division by zero, 64
Duplicate Definition, 64

131

Index

EDIT command
 keys used with, 25
EDLIN command
 example, 24
ESC key, 32
Expression, 56

/f switch, 11
F1 key, 24
F2 key, 24
F3 key, 26
F4 key, 25
FIELD overflow, 67
File already exists, 68
File already open, 67
File not found, 67
FOR Without NEXT, 66
Function
 used with random access file, 42
 used with sequential files, 38
Function keys
 assignments, 34
 defined, 34
 reassigned, 34
 shown on screen, 9
Function, numeric, 15
Function, string, 16

GW-BASIC
 assembly language interface, 75
 loading, 9
 memory available, 9
 special characters recognized, 107
GW-BASIC command
 examples, 12
 parameters described, 10
 redirected, 11, 14
 syntax, 10
GW-BASIC, converting to
 FOR-NEXT loops, 89
 MAT functions, 88
 multiple assignments, 88
 multiple statements, 88
 string dimensions, 87

Illegal function call, 63
Input past end, 68
Insert mode, 32
Internal error, 67

Keyword, 14
KILL command, 37

Line, 24
Line buffer overflow, 66
LIST command, 23
LOAD command, 37

/m switch, 12
Memory
 allocation for assembly language, 75
 needed for storage, 54
MERGE command, 37
Missing operand, 66
Modes
 direct
   examples, 21
   uses of, 10
 indirect
   examples, 22
   uses of, 10
 insert, 32

NAME command, 37
No RESUME, 65

OPEN COM statement, 91
Operator
 defined, 124
Operators
 arithmetic, 56
 defined, 56
 four categories, 56
 functional, 62
 logical, 59
 relational, 59
 string, 63
Out of DATA, 63
Out of memory, 64
Out of paper, 66
Out of string space, 65
Overflow, 64

132

Index

Path not found, 70
Path/File Access Error, 70
Permission Denied, 69
Program
 distinguished from calculation, 23
Program line
  format, 16
  format requirements, 17

Quitting GW-BASIC, 18

Random access file
 accessing, 43
 defined, 38
 example, 43, 44, 45
 functions used with, 42
 program steps required, 42
 statements used with, 42
Recall a program file, 26
Redirection, 14
Rename across disks, 70
Reserved word. See Keyword
RESUME without error, 66
RETURN without GOSUB, 63
RUN command, 37
 used in indirect mode, 10

/s switch, 11
Save a program file, 25
SAVE command, 37
Sequential file
 accessing, 40
 adding data, 41
 defined, 38
 example, 39, 40, 41
 functions used with, 38
 program steps required, 38
 statements used with, 38
SHIFT-PRTSC
 prints screen, 33
Statement, 127
 CALL, 76
 defined, 15, 16
 OPEN COM, 91
 used with random access file, 42
 used with sequential files, 38
String constant
 defined, 49
String formula too complex, 65
String too long, 65
Subscript out of range, 64
Switch
  /c, 11
  /d, 12
  /f, 11
  /m, 12
  /s, 11
  specifying numbers for, 12
Syntax error, 63

TAB key, 33
Too many files, 69
TTY sample program, 95
 notes on, 96
Type mismatch, 65

Undefined line number, 64
Undefined user function, 65
Unprintable error, 66, 67 ,68
USR function call, 75
 syntax, 81

Variable
 array defined, 52
 conversion done by GW-BASIC, 54
 declaration symbols, 52
 four types of, 52
 memory storage requirements, 54
 samples, 52
Variable, fielded string
 not used in INPUT or LET
     statements, 43
Variables
 defined, 16

WEND without WHILE, 67
WHILE without WEND, 66

13